" can't get rid of these "
"$6 an hour."
"Be the best you can be" - "It's a whole new world we live in"
"It is what it is" is used only as an excuse when someone doesn't want to take action against or responsibility.
"Philosophy group"
"There is a whole new world to see"
"make sure you establish boundaries in your relationships" oh okay well how the fuck do I do that
"stalk market"
"there will be no red states or blues states, just a united states" biden gets my vote.
"tried to" that's right.
# jnet - library for requesting json
'kay.
*bonks head* @Terrygbaby
*enhales* This is will be tuff. A meme is a shared picture, video, or type of art, usually humourous.
*flips bit switches in nikita*
*screams shut up and kicks you in the balls*
*screams, screams, screams*
*throws a bag of cookies*
,eval 'fucking shit\n'*100
-32 x5 ÷9
-433977013
/chastity
/d Judas
/d a bunch of fives
/d a fate worse than death
/d a fish out of water
/d a fool's paradise
/d a golden key can open any door
/d abide with me
/d accord
/d accountable
/d agnosia
/d albeit
/d apostle
/d apostles
/d back to square one
/d better late than never
/d beware the ides of march
/d beyond a shadow of doubt
/d birds of a feather flock together
/d bitter end
/d black on black
/d black sheep of the family
/d black-on-black
/d blood and thunder
/d bob is your uncle
/d bob's your uncle
/d bog-standard
/d budge up
/d cessation
/d constellation
/d dearth do us apart
/d death
/d death do us part
/d delusion
/d die
/d double standard
/d fail
/d fallout
/d fate worse than death
/d fix
/d game
/d it is what it is
/d jew dream
/d judas
/d more than bargained for
/d natrium
/d nomial
/d perces
/d philosophy
/d philosopy
/d prosopagnosia
/d recollection
/d remorse
/d sagitarius
/d sapiophile
/d switchblade
/d tedious
/d that's life
/d ulterior
/d worse than death
/d zei jian
/d zeijian
/d Ω
/d ω
/getadmins
/gret back,streets,boys
/gret best
/gret cults
/gret deadlock
/gret demi,back
/gret falling
/gret falling,haim
/gret god is she
/gret haim,falling
/gret ignea
/gret in this moment
/gret in this moment, god
/gret in this moment, sex
/gret new year
/gret paradise
/gret perry,dream
/gret prospa
/gret taylor,back
/gret together
/gret violet
/gretsong jem - it's amazing
/gretsong paradise
/gretsong sia - chandelier
/help
/help@otoutobot
/howdareyou
/id
/ig Sudafed
/isadmin 19:45
/isadmin 20:11
/isadmin @Vaginamine
/isadmin @adem_v0000bot
/isadmin @amensah55
/isadmin Sebastian
/isdaisy@DaisyAbbot
/loser
/online
/restrct Sudafed
/restrict 1070969272
/restrict 111020322
/restrict 1155563040
/restrict 1397820592
/restrict 16:58
/restrict 16:59
/restrict @kenekestan
/restrict Sebastian
/restrict Sudafed
/restrict Sudafed negate
/restrict Sudafed reason being a smart ass
/restrict111020322
/stickers greta_tunberg
/stickers itsNudeVN
/strangle adem
/test
/ud aaron peckham
/ud bootycrumb
/ud kill
/ud otouto
/ud yhrn
/user 1397820592
/whois
/whois 1397820592
0 - Roll the die again. You die
1 - You die
1 guy 1 girl or 2 girls.
1 min can be 1 year somewhere else.
10 million coronavirus vaccines in the UK.
10 queries/10 secs
1000 is quite a feat.
10k gbp for 1 bc
114,549,021Births this year
12 hrs 80 mins?
13 billion years lost
13 get lucky
13, fuck you, avenue
13, it's my favourite number.
1363046084
14/11/2020
141 R 52 I
15 more until HELLOFUCKINGWEEN!
16
173 bells for turnips today
1K, she is very popular.
2 - Hunted down. You die
2 billion
2 gb ram, i need more.
2 times a day.
200 more
28 mins in. this is soooo good.
3 - You will got Corona. You die
3 types of niggers. White, black and then there is the blue nigger.
3ed world counties are corrupt.
4 - Sacrifice. Your friend has to kill you
4 is the most common
4 life
4d is not real
4d shapes are bullshit
5 - You are followed by misfortune. You die
5 nov
500,000
506 bells for each turnip. I have 800. Do the math. I'M FUCKING RICH.
512 G HDD
540 per turnip. Yeee-haaa!
5_6120722537358819629.m4v
5th of Nov is the day you have to do something crazy.
6 - You die peacefully by the hands of god
876,758Suicides
90% of the time guys are thinking of sex.
99.9% of mobile alerts are spam.
99999999999
<60k
> no jenniephobia
?
@Ariermus am i going to hell?
@TLTVShows has ep 4 of star trek discovery.
@Terrygbaby why don't you close your group and come over here?
@Terrygbaby yo!
@TheCoasts
@bleachco new digimon
@dabeat any last words?
@daisyabbot
@energycrystal was right about one thing. his way is better. i'm gonna put him in the presidents chair.
@icaballeroh I think you will like this.
@icaballeroh listen to this.
@idbot Kewii
@jimhenderson you're not jim grower.
@kiIIyourself
@kiIIyourself are you in it?
@leftoid you lose.
@majesticpoof
@musichannelx
@muttnationalist what happen to that police group i was in. i know you were in it too.
@sonoferia goes where he goes.
@terencepedo is looking empty
A baby is a blank slate.
A boss of men.
A boundary is "\r\n\r\n +chars+ \r\n"
A brain can only roll over and play dead.
A clone or the game itself
A computer's job is?
A doctor. I know.
A face is all you need. Then just look for the sick gore loving freak.
A forgotten memory.
A fox isn't getting no dog.
A friend of yours?
A legend.
A little bit of photo magic and a fake news story and you got a pedo.
A little defiance is not a bad thing.
A lot has changed around here.
A media presentation description (MPD) file.
A natural way of life is good. It requires no interference.
A person who desires more ends with more than bargained for.
A privacy-enabled alternative to @mokubot.
A sticker pack.
A waht?
A waste of time https://youtu.be/vQMFTuuyw8Q
A wat?
A weapon can be used for good and the bad.
A wild world for me.
AOh14GjwBpXWOYd0qyOr1OL6uoWkr3be7fn4La1VJgs68-c-k-c0x00fffff.jpg what's this then?
About time that tax helped us.
According to you, human nature is greed, selfishness, and self presersation.
Actually I was showered with toys. Having too many toys can make you a narcissist.
Advice for my plants.
Again with the parse html.
Age means nothing that's why jesus married a baby.
Ahhh... you are so cute.
Aint it fun, living in the reeeeeal world.
Albeit against the odds.
All I need is a garden.
All I'm been going is surviving. I should start living.
All good to go.
All it takes for evil to succeed is for the good men and woman of this world to do nothing. First rule of being a good person.
All lowercase like a c programmer
All over history societies have condemed people who have helped civilisations and cultures to move forward for being different.
All that crap you posted in the morning.
All this and more.
All you do is send messages.
Allowing anyone to post anything they want you will need it more.
Almost as pretty as my legs.
Alone time.
Alright good luck.
Also I can use this to fight religion.
Also more boring.
Also never made it home today.
Also why would you want to be on a 1st chance if you will do nothing wrong. You have nothing to worry about.
Am not.
America was built on freedom.
Amy is back.
An addiction can be a way of blocking out difficult issues. Unemployment and poverty can trigger addiction.
And I don't trust you.
And admit yourself to a mental hospital.
And if there is a cure.
And it's tricky putting it all together and it takes time to compile.
And sometimes you make me sick.
And talking gibberish.
And that asshole kewii already destroyed a group yesterday.
And the back wheel is moving around.
And they run it to the ground and they don't want anyone changing the way it's run.
And why does that matter if she is smarter?
And you have the balls to say it was not on purpose. I will chop your balls off.
And you're out to fake dox people.
Andrew Hessel he is going to increase suicide numbers.
Android studio is the only way to make android apps now.
Anger will turn into understanding.
Animation
Animation is not considered real porn.
Anorexia is an eating disorder and serious mental health condition. People who have anorexia try to keep their weight as low as possible by not eating enough food
Anyone have the effectiviology stickers?
Anyway it's not worth it.
Anyway lauren is not here. She deleted all her groups and has gone cold turkey.
Anyway try it.
Anyway, I wouldn't even be using it. It was for the torrent program I wanted to hack on.
Anyway, boys are suppose to be mean.
Anyway.
Apologise!
Are they crashing or what?
Are we going back to normal?
Are you being serious? I was joking.
Are you coming back?
Are you for real?
Are you gonna make it?
Are you interested in philosophy?
Are you kidding me?
Are you on a keto diet? Are you a fat burner?
Are you one of them?
Are you still a pedo?
Are you sure I would be able to understand code at that level?
Are you talking about cooking the core?
Are you watching the version I uploaded?
Around 00:00 on days off and somewhere around 6 to 9 am in days on.
As a kid I never stopped searching for treasure.
As brits we take care of our own.
As dumb as they are, they are adorable.
As least tell me the name of the artist.
As with other multipart types, the parts are delimited with a
Ask death. Arent you friends?
Assuming human nature is an actual thing.
Assuming lilith is real.
Assuming that is what he means. UK rules.
At least I know what humans want. Happiness.
At least acknowledge you are listening to it.
At least you got to be president. How many people can say that?
At night.
Autisism.
Automate.
Avacado is an environment killer
Awakening!
Aye! Is that how you agree to something?
B-but she is a trunp supporter.
BIG GARDEN
Back in the day we didn't need a powerful computer to code.
Bad things.
Ban @vxf98 and @vxf99
Ban the n words.
Ban.
Based
Be seeing you leygen.
Be yourself and you should be fine.
Because I want to.
Because I'm about to clean this group up and it doesn't include you kewii and @sonoferia
Because I'm british.
Because james can talk to her and manipulate her like he manipulated her mom.
Because people like you think it's a programming environment.
Because you are watching me.
Becos means becoz. Becoz is short version of because.
Becos.
Being a pedo has paid off for the president.
Being alive is a miracle.
Being human is awesome.
Benji is my stalker. @Terrygbaby is annoying. i think they are the same person.
Better quality in subs.
Big shock?
Biggest mistake of your life.
Biology and nature or not the same.
Bit rate                       : 1 988 kb/s
Bitchx is linux only.
Bitcoin is full of errors. People losing money left and right.
Black, white and asian, the three biggest religions.
Blood and thunder!
Blue fairy makes pinochio a real boy.
Bob is your uncle.
Boring. Waste of my time. Somebody take his media away.
Boris Johnson says Manchester Covid spread is "grave" and he "may need to intervene" if new measures are not agreed
Both my parents are dead to me.
Both. All three.
Boy who cried wolf.
Brakes and back wheel.
Break free from the shackles of society.
Brings back the bad memories.
Britain's is spending more money on green areas and rebuilding our woodland areas.
Broccoli is tasty. What crap.
Buggu bot.
Build a yt database of my own.
Bullshit. You don't own a phone, everyone knows.
Burn the witch is almost out. Are you excited?
Busking is a job
But I don't know you.
But I have relit my buring desires. I want to grab life by the ballz and take it.
But I know you.
But I will kill a religious in cold blood.
But I'm not that interested in you.
But I’m innocent
But can she deal with the pressure?
But if you wanna be the best you have to compare yourself to the best.
But if you're giving I'm taking.
But it suits you.
But never lower your standards for some abusive jackass.
But some of it ia good.
But srsly why don't you just clean them?
But they do.
But we don’t begin life in this way. As small children, we are naturally selfish, looking only at what we can get for ourselves: toys, food, attention.
But why?
Buttfucks are all the rage!
Buy a house here then.
Buy good luck charm to topup luck.
By not knowing anything enhances a film.
By the way, I'm a rage quitter too. I quit when I'm losing.
C isn't cross platform. It needs large libraries.
C makes it easier.
Call em white niggers
Call me lauren bitch.
Calm the fuck down kid.
Can a brain to backflip?
Can my actions mess with your experiments in qqq?
Can we kill each other without d3stroying the earth?
Can you be less robot like?
Can you write something simple (minimal) like this for twitter kewii?
Can't really vote.
Can't understand what is bring said.
Cancer is a Water Sign. Water signs are said to be emotionally reserved, they are intense, imaginative and creative. Cancer is also one of the four cardinal signs associated with initiation, creativity and leadership.
Capitalism is when they give you pocket money and take the rest.
Careful what you ask for. You might just get what you deserve.
Categorical types only make sense in a strongly typed language.
Cats are complicated creatures.
Cats are not nice. They get feisty.
Cats can only meow.
Cats deserve to be eaten.
Cats do all sorts of dangerous shit.
Cats have nine lives because they are dumb.
Cats take care of the mouse problem.
Ces sation.
Chats arent all about shiny and stickers.
Chavs are loiters in sport clothes.
Check out https://t.me/lifetheorists/16170
Checkout my music @worlddm. If there is anything you like let me know.
Cisgender means you are sticking to the gender you were assigned at birth.
Clam down. Im still here.
Clap clap
Clingy.
Coco core has no nutrients.
Codec ID                    : HEVC
Come again.
Come and have a go if you think you are hard enuff.
Come at me.
Come on bro. I didn't do shi-.
Come on not here.
Come with me to the slaughterhouse.
Communism was never given a chance how do you know it will never work.
Compare that number with the infections.
ConsoleApi2.h (via Wincon.h, include Windows.h)
Control is an illusion. You have no control.
Cool. Does work still? You can play MGS2 now.
Core!
Correct.
Correction, paying animal crossing on a budget, hacked 3DS.
Cortisol is not good for us.
Cos I wanna.
Crank it up!
Crashing.
Create a shortcut
Cringe.
Cross the red line.
Cry
Crying wolf.
Cu.
Cum on me
Curious how you waste your life.
Current way of life is ran by a handful of rich people.
Cut by your words
Cute pics?
Cute.
Cuz I’m supposed “pedo”
Daisy does not live there.
Daisy feels like she fell out of heaven. She retains her niceness.
Daisy is not here.
Daisy is so nice.
Daisy this, daisy that. God do u ever get bored.
DaisyAbbot is not a name daisy would pick.
Damn james!  You are on another level sick.
Dangerous ones.
Dao is the way.
Dao is the world. It is the way or the way of the world. Nature so to speak.
Dao means the way. It's a wat of life.
Dark nights i like.
Death uploaded this a few minutes ago.
Definitely one of yours.
Delete all image of the fake one.
Delete one and he just makes another one.
Depp hit her. And she probably hit him. Why does someone label you a woman beater but woman can't be men beaters?
Depression can't be fixed.
Derric doing some non gay stuff with his dogs.
Derric is fighting back.
Derric is the man.
Derric make a channel and post link here.
Did I download cuties? I don't remember.
Did he rust away?
Did it work?
Did lauren apologise for calling me a bitch?
Did she used to beat you?
Did you check this song https://t.me/drinkcum/12
Did you hear what he has to say?
Did you just come up with that story. Because it is kind of weak.
Did you run away from your mom because you didnt know who your father was?
Did you see something in your dream you like?
Did you watch trailer or read anything about it?
Did you?
Did your father beat you?
Didn't he try to be president?
Disable your alerts. They are wasting your time.
Disguesting.
Disgusting. Why do you havr this terence?
Do all the dumb things, except drugs and suicide.
Do it.
Do not take a portrait picture and take the background and use it to extend the picture. It doesn't look good.
Do the mp4s as gifs play subs too?
Do they have porn for that?
Do you believe this?
Do you even have a life?
Do you even know what a nazbol is?
Do you have cuties terence?
Do you hear the thunder? That's the strength in numbers.
Do you know about amanada todd?
Do you know how silly you sound?
Do you know what AD means?
Do you like violence?
Do you make those logos yourself?
Do you promise to stop trolling people?
Do you really want to build a group about philosophy?
Do you remember all the cartoons at midnight?
Does it turn you on?
Does perry understand C?
Does she have a 2ed name
Does sudan have 3 As?
Does terence like metal music?
Does that include the white man?
Doesn't it get boring repeating the same boring line?
Doesn't make any sense.
Dogs are smart. They don't go looking for danger.
Dolls don't talk back to their masters.
Don't act dumb.
Don't call me fucking kaecy.
Don't care.
Don't click on shortened links.
Don't come after me.
Don't compare yourself to others.
Don't cross any black cats.
Don't do everything at once.
Don't eat cum. Taste horrible.
Don't forget to backup the most important stuff or make a note of them. But where do you put it? Make a habbit of it.
Don't forget you doxed me with fake info too. I know how you work.
Don't forget you're human too. You'll know fear when you see it.
Don't get mad. Eat a cock.
Don't get mad. I'm just going to delete a few of your messages.
Don't get them.
Don't judge a book by it's cover.
Don't look in your hand-mirror
Don't play with me.
Don't send then to perry.
Don't spam the group.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
Don't tell me to run linux I'll run your father over.
Don't thank me. I did what anyone would do.
Don't use those languages make it easier to program against me. You are using one of those languages.
Don't waste your time with me. There is no future there.
Don't worry your little head. She is safe.
Don't you get tried of going round and round?
Don't you want people to know the real you?
Done.
Dont pull me into your kawable.
Dont you mean xml?
Dora the explorer?
Dox all you want.
Dox!
Drank it up.
Drink your cum plz.
Drink?
Drive safely.
Duck Lynda Hardy then send me the ducking video.
Dude I just got banned.
Dude I know he likes cock. He likes trannies.
Dude are you joking?
Dude chill. I'm a nobody.
Dude don't just post random links. I'm not going to click them.
Dude is still a deug addict.
Dude just got trampled on by that big overweight. So of course small dude lost his appetite.
Dude why would I meet up with a psychopath?
Dude you are freaking out over nothing.
Dunno.
Duration                    : 23 min 42 s
Easily mistaken for milk.
Easy 2.500 bells.
Eggcilent.
Electricity and clean water would be free for the whole world with communism.
Eläminen tarkoittaa joka päivä tietämistä, että kuolet.
End of the world as we know it.
English wasnt a strong point in the most holiest point in time.
Entertainment value.
Even if i dont believe in him he has sent me on a mission
Even though horriblesubs are dead, I've tagged them in the file name.
Every time you say something to push me you push further and further away. Until I don't want to know you anymore.
Everybody except me has seen it.
Everyday is suffering.
Everyone is not ready to be unplugged from the system yet.
Everyone knows cars are safer.
Everyone things their way of life is the best.
Everything is a joke to you.
Everything is designed to survive naturally.
Everything is invisible until we need it.
Everything telegram says is a lie.
Everything was fine until I told james and he fucks everything up.
Everything you just said.
Evil is an equal and opposing positive force.
Exactly.
Facebook helps me everyday when I look at how many fake friends I have and I don't know any of them. The sense of accomplish I get is enough to keep me alive.
Failure makes you strong.
Fake sudaaan.
Fall in love with a tranny?
Far woser than it already is.
Farewell and all the best wishes.
Farming. Biggest farm in all of UK.
Fb is so valuable. That's why so many want to crack it wide open.
Fcks saken don't spam chat.
Feeble attempt to sound genuinely affectionate.
Feels like they squished a bunch of episodes into a few. This could have been spanned and expanded over a few more episodes. And the abrupt ending, come on!
Figh now.
Files have a content type. It's more common than a file extension on the internet.
Finally rules. No spam rule.
Find out next time on dbz.
Fine. Don't tell me.
First thing I wanna do is ban someone.
Fix the spelling mistakes too while you're at it.
For a smart person you come up with ugly solutions.
For hath thou forgotten me?
For now until you start sperging again.
For now?
For some reason I'm getting a 404.
Forget everyone else.
Found you a job jimmy https://twitter.com/HumbleBee93/status/1323338546527129602?s=19
Frap off.
Freckled are juicy.
Freckled.
Free software can't be used for free? The charge is you have to sell the source code too. And the hold of free software can in turn sell it or just give it away for free.
Free water. Waters lifes matter.
Fresh young eggs.
Fu
Fu you were never my friend.
Fuck C
Fuck Kewii, i'm gonna chop you and bag you like one of your gore videos.
Fuck are they even. Biscuits floating in soup.
Fuck bananas! They have very short self life.
Fuck cats.
Fuck derric. He needs to be a man.
Fuck holy war.
Fuck it.
Fuck me.
Fuck off!
Fuck off.
Fuck shit group.
Fuck that.
Fuck this is too much.
Fuck you too.
Fuck!
Fuck.
Fucking coconut computer.
Fucking racists use the n word. Ban all them black people that use it too.
Funny how you can be made responsible by association.
GAN's are gay ass networks
Generations throughout history.
Germans are the biggest exporters of child porn.
Germany is on it's way to becoming a communist state.
Get help bro.
Get off the internet.
Get on github, you'll find tones of woman.
Get out of here.
Get working on the text based version.
Get your eyes checked.
Get yourself a nice girl and settle down.
Getting ready for the 3ed revolution.
Gibberish.
Gimme the name.
Give her a break.
Give it a rest will ya. I think working too hard is making you loco.
Give kevin what he wants! A nice cock.
Give me a list.
Give me the keys to the nukes and I will murder everyone.
Give me your bloood.
Give your money to people who need it. I wanna get rid of money.
Give your music playlist.
Glad you are off me. Fucking vampire.
Glad you like it.
Gladly.
Gline the abusers.
Glitch is a hosting site.
Go and spam @fuckneon.
Go back to spamming laurens group.
Go back.
Goals: Grow Fraxinus Excelsior Tree
Gob say they are for free speech now but they will bend over for the govs like a whore bending over to get fucked.
God created us in his own image: killable.
God my code sucks. I really hope it's just out dated.
Going to use https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.client.html to rewrite the multipart/form-data librrary.
Good enough.
Good friends would not say horrible things about their friends.
Good guys can study it to find betters ways to prevent it. Bad guys can exploit using it. You can't have one or the other.
Good job.
Good luck.
Good question but you still gotta pay.
Good.
Great guy.
Greta Thunberg wants you to vote biden.
Greta thumberg done it again.
Groups like yours don't survive.
Growing up has not been easy but I had fun along the way.
Guess I'll be a nigger than.
Guten tag bitch.
Guy at work says they wouldn't give it to the police.
HELLO!
HTTP Error 429: Too Many Requests
Haha
Haha. Joker is an idiot. He wants to kill off a whole race because they killed more.
Halloween is the day we can go at night and be weirdos for 1 day.
Happy 30th birthday.
Hard worker, me.
Has it occured to y'all humans have weird sexual pleasures. Future humans will look back on us and think, what weirdos!
Has she tried just being nice?
Has trump lost yet?
Have I doxed you before?
Have I stolen anything or wished to do so?
Have I?
Have a happy life.
Have a nice life.
Have a play with this. https://alike-complex-cell.glitch.me
Have you been here before?
Have you been obsessed with anyone to this degree before?
Have you heard of the boy who cried wolf?
Have you seen battle royale james?
Have you seen the porn group we have?
Have you watched the movie V?
Having pets doesn't help with relationships.
He doesn't betray his friends.
He doesn't help me with anything. He only helps himself.
He got his name fron one of the gayest sports.
He got problems.
He has well over 100+ accounts now.
He he started spamming when I dumped him.
He is an idiot who tells you what you want to know.
He knows you.
He learned to shave.
He left because he doesn't like you.
He never liked lauren.
He post something unclean.
He thinks lauren likes him because he's a pedo.
He told us in @truththeorists4
He wanted to be a superhero.
He was a multi-account abuser.
He was a weird one. Quite literally.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
He will beat you in any game.
He's a sicko who likes to impersonate others.
He's all your perry.
He's an asshole? Well he kind of is. But why is he an asshole?
He's didnt say anything.
He's got it all backed up like a toilet.
He's got like 100+ accounts.
He's not so bad but he does get a little out of control sometimes.
He's still around.
Hear take some rope. Do the world a service.
Hehe.
Hehehe.
Height                         : 1 080 pixels
Hello
Hello Jimmy.
Hello can i stroke you?
Hello derric.
Hello.
Hello. Enjoy the show.
Her kids got out with miner injury.
Her love is only wasted on remorse.
Her songs are different.
Here I am, next to you
Hey james are you going to open source your telegram framework?
Hey james. How do you deal with anger?
Hey james. What you doing up so early?
Hey. Wasup?
Hi!
Hi, CryptoGoldEx here
Hi5
Hiao gosaimasu!
His dream never came true.
Hiss!
Holy shi- bro. Welcome to the party.
Holy shit!
Honestly, you are buddies with the pedo poster now. And you want to double team me with him.
How am I broke?
How am I gonna get through this rain.
How are you?
How can I make one of these?
How can you get enjoyment out of doing that?
How did you do it?
How did you find this?
How do I make the HP?
How do I spell my name?
How do they accurately guess correct?
How do you end up hating a whole race because of what one person did? Shouldn't justice be handed to one person instead of  the race?
How do you like luton?
How does anybody.
How does he not feel it?
How does it feel to not be loved by anyone?
How does it taste?
How does trolling lauren help her?
How else am I going to buy a house?
How happen to the machine that bought us here?
How hard it is to program a quote bot? Very hard right?
How has I won?
How is she underage? Looks old, very old, indeed.
How is this okay to post this shit?
How it is grown.
How it's used.
How long have you been in tt?
How many time do I have to tell you?
How much do you love your mom?
How silly of me.
How the hell does it work in php?
How very similar they both are.
How was I caught?
How we came to associate words to thought is beyond me. Thoughts are complicated and words are simple.
How?
Huh?
Human cruelty.
Humans are driven by stimulus. It appears you are no different.
Humans are very bad at cooperating for the common good. What took us out of the animal kingdom and into this life of cars, planes and little privately-owned flats, was precisely our self-centeredness.
Humans aren't different. We're the same. We have different experiences that make us different.
Humans suffer from dumb things like virues because we have been taken out of nature.
Humans were made for a lush green earth. Not this bleak dead desolate place with high buildings.
I ain't no wekling.
I already knew what they were. I'm sorry man if you ain't going to be real we don't have an agreement.
I already know all I need to know.
I already took a fake sick week.
I also support euthanasia but not for people who have a suicidal tendency.
I always thought it was gum slipping under.
I am Daisy's alt.
I am a demi-god.
I am a human on a mission from god
I am a regular on lauren.
I am a self-taught programmer.
I am back bitches!
I am beautiful in my own way.
I am british because i was born here.
I am constantly disappointed by bant. I see blurly face, looks hot, tap to reveal, see hideous monster.
I am expecting an apology.
I am flattered you are trying to find out where I live and you are wasting your time on useless me.
I am genuinely interested in philosophy.
I am going to take a stand against the evil society.
I am happy where I live. I don't want to see the world.
I am lauren's favourite.
I am not confused. You are trying to worm your way out.
I am not daisy.
I am not ready yet to post my group and leave it there because I cannot handle a lot of people at this time
I am not your bot to take orders.
I am not.
I am okay with not being okay.
I am paying attention.
I am purely concerned with justice.
I am reasonable too.
I am red, blue and white. I do not need any pills.
I am sickened by your conduct.
I am so tired.
I am sorry you will suffer my dear.
I am the gate keeper.
I am the new lauren.
I am the proof. I can vouch.
I am trying my best. I'm sorry it isnt good enough.
I am turned in right now.
I am very forgiving person. I don't get mad easily.
I am vxf97
I am well versed in the art of deception.
I am.
I an exceptionally lucky to have a lot of money.
I apologise. That was wrong.
I asked you what you like.
I banned him too. He's just here for the music.
I banned the person who posted it first.
I banned your pedo ass.
I believe in giving people second chances. I don't care if you did or didn't. I was going to give you a second chance anyway.
I believe we are missing something. An infinite supply of something.
I believe you this time. I'm just saying that's what you usually do.
I bet a country could be run without a middle man. They are advance enough to be run by the smart people who inform the clowns.
I bet you will like this.
I bought this PC before SSD was a thing
I can only be assured of who I am.
I can only have 2 sims or 1 sim and 1 sd card.
I can still go outside.
I can take it. I'm a stoic.
I can turn all of telegram against you with one video.
I can't be asked.
I can't believe a word now.
I can't believe he is still using that name.
I can't believe we are celebrating the separating of humans by colour.
I can't deal with this.
I can't do it. Sorry.
I can't sleep.
I can't spell duh.
I can't stand fan noise
I can't watch anything unintelligible without subs.
I can't! I can't like this.
I can't.
I checked them both when I banned you. You did it.
I choose remaining innocent.
I choose to live this way cos aint nothing worth a penny to me.
I could get lost in there.
I could have used my hand but it's just you and a cheese grater tonight.
I could probably scan the whole book.
I couldn't believe it at first. But the id doesnt lie.
I created myself.
I cum for the milk and cokkies.
I did not.
I did think about that.
I did.
I didn't check.
I didn't find that image bur I found this...
I didn't look okay.
I didn't say you wrreent.
I didn't want a client anymore. I wanted to make bots.
I didnt do any.
I didnt know lauren ia more like me than I thought.
I didnt learn most of it. I just skipped the pages.
I didnt say it. It was you.
I didnt say that it is.
I didnt think so.
I do everything.
I do not agree.
I do not support spam.
I do want to but she is not fit to lead.
I do what I want.
I do whatever the fuck I want because I wanted it. You hear me!
I do. But I'm powerless to stop it so I don't care.
I do. I also want to do the other thing.
I do. it's just you're too dangerous.
I don't believe it. She has said nothing on this.
I don't care about apple users.
I don't care about dogs.
I don't care about her teeth. What the heck is wrong with her eyes?
I don't care about polynomials.
I don't care albeit.
I don't care how big the house is. I care about the garden.
I don't care if lauren hates me. I am not trying to win her over.
I don't care what I looked like. I what it looked like outside.
I don't care what others think if me.
I don't care what you call me. I just don't want to be called kaecy.
I don't care what you do. Just do it somewhere else.
I don't care what you want.
I don't care.
I don't care. Doubt it's true.
I don't care. It's be pathetic if kewii really did have two accounts in here.
I don't celebrate much.
I don't cook my soil.
I don't cook soil.
I don't don't like pedos. Keep them away from my children.
I don't either but it can be for some people who can't control themselves.
I don't even care if I'm banned from /b/
I don't even know.
I don't feel any different, how bout you?
I don't feel good.
I don't find that fun.
I don't force myself to like it.
I don't get angered easily.
I don't get how dumb people affect you.
I don't get into it because I'm thinking of all humanity not just my suvival. Humans only think of themselves because they are programmed to survive.
I don't have any money.
I don't have it yet.
I don't have my gun with me now.
I don't have time for this. I have gret's stickers to download.
I don't imprison myself with these religious ways of life.
I don't know anymore.
I don't know anything.
I don't know her.
I don't know how cruelty can mean kindness.
I don't know how twitter works.
I don't know if I can sell this but I'll try.
I don't know me
I don't know what to say except lauren never liked me.
I don't know what you like.
I don't know what you mean.
I don't know what.
I don't know where my home is but if I find it I'd sing about it.
I don't know why honestly.
I don't know your game is.
I don't know. I havent tried it.
I don't know. I need to see what is cheap but extremely healthy and tasty.
I don't know. You'd have to be a man to rape someone.
I don't let people decide for me what I do, direct or indirectly.
I don't like being called kaecy.
I don't like being told how to behave. You are litteraly telling me how you want me to behave around you.
I don't like james.
I don't like other musics.
I don't like them. They are weak.
I don't like you kewii.
I don't like you.
I don't need a mask. If I die I die ugly. I want people to die just by looking at me. That's the legacy I want to leave behind.
I don't need a self-help guide on the back of a cereal box to hold my hand.
I don't need lauren to like me to stay.
I don't need the constant stress.
I don't need to prove it to you.
I don't need to prove it. You know it.
I don't need you.
I don't need your help.
I don't own any truth theorist stocks.
I don't really care about b.
I don't really care if I end. I want better for the human race.
I don't really pay attention to lauren.
I don't remember how you and I met but it shouldn't have happened.
I don't say innit. That's chav.
I don't see any problems with that.
I don't show it but it is stressful.
I don't think I would albeit.
I don't think I'd change anything albeit.
I don't think he knows you are joking.
I don't think it is albeit.
I don't think it makes much of a difference if you cook your growing medium.
I don't think sudan is real.
I don't trust my enemies. You have the eyes of an innocent person. You are so lucky. I was like that too. To see everyone even my enemies as my friend but they will slid your throat the very moment you give them chance.
I don't trust you.
I don't understand because it doesn't make sense.
I don't understand memes. Use words.
I don't use IRC. Haven't in a long time. I'd use nettalk if I was going to IRC.
I don't want any part of it.
I don't want be apart of something if it's just going to crumble.
I don't want lauren sees in you..
I don't want my kids learning about ape history. Are you black? No offence.
I don't want no hand outs.
I don't want to get my hands dirty with grease.
I don't want to read it.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to talk anymore.
I don't want you to make lauren kill herself.
I don't waste money trying to impress people. The people I care about don't care about that stuff.
I don't.
I exist on telegram thanks to lauren.
I feel like I should get two star signs.
I feel like I should give you daisy's info so she can reject you and block you forever and we get get over this.
I feel like I'm in a heighten state of awareness. Feels like someone is watching me. And I feel good.
I feel like an animal.
I feel like i've fallen but i'm trying to fly.
I feel like trump is talking without knowing what he is actually talking about.
I feel so sorry for you.
I feel ya pain.
I fell asleep at the computer and found this video when I woke up.
I forgive no one.
I forgot to reply
I forgot what I meant by that.
I found a cool website and wanted to share it. You just happend to be typing at the same time.
I gave a bum a dollar. 2ed bum, I told him I gave the first bum a dollar. And the 3rd and 4th.
I gave up.
I get magically banned from all my groups.
I give up.
I good person would never say this.
I got an amazing porn video.
I got my library working. https://gist.github.com/kaecy/dafc70b1971bcd2fe935578449ee0148#file-usage-py Did you see?
I got something else instead.
I got to chill the most while everyone was hard at work.
I guess this is all part of my destruction.
I guess you can't. I should saying things that don't make any sense.
I guess.
I had a link to the group in my bio.
I had them on my old account.
I hate people who arent fat but like to spread their legs. Fucking jerks.
I hate religion. So I am a racist.
I hate the dog poopers.
I hate wearing the mask. So I havent been to shops in ages.
I hate you too lauren.
I hate you. I hate you love cock instead of vagina.
I have a block of coco core
I have a cum bottles like the milk man.
I have a cum stain on my jumper.
I have a good intuition.
I have a video with your face.
I have accept you out of my life already.
I have become one with Julia.
I have been thinking, the human brain goes through a list of things in order to remember them. We give them priority depending on what our priorities are. Call this ram, short term memory.
I have blended in with natural comouflage.
I have done this before.
I have ffmpeg. I need gifs.
I have finished star trek discovery ep 3. It was sooo good and satisfying.
I have it all. Chickens, sheep, cows, celery, tomato, corn, strawberry.
I have lost all respect for you.
I have never once said fuck lauren. No one can ever say I said that.
I have other voices.
I have plenty of anti-sins stacked.
I have shit all in my repos.
I have so many voices you'll never know which is mine.
I have something to do now.
I have spell checker off so that's why.
I have sth for you.
I have taken two signs. Deal with it.
I have the spirit of a stoic.
I have to ignore you because you're sensitive.
I have too many alts.
I have two signs.
I have work soon
I haven't listened to it yet
I haven't posted anything private from you.
I haven't seen until a few days ago.
I haven't thought about this. Python doesn't support true enumerated types. It's variables are dynamic. They don't have types so enums can't be enforced.
I having ginger nuts.
I hear it's healthy.
I hear this is good.
I heard once you start witchcraft you start seeing 3 of the same numbers.. like 777, or 111. Well I’m seeing 666 😳 should I be worried?? 😅
I heard we can spray soap.
I hope so.
I hope they hurry it up with the miniture-gun. I want to crush you under my heel. Yeah, I would fucking love that.
I is for ideas you being to life.
I just cba to search for it.
I just combed my hair and my hands are greasy.
I just felt like this 13th is bad luck.
I just got myself some coffee grounds.
I just playing along.
I just realised what is going on.
I just said I wasnt.
I just wanna hide from you. I never wanna hear your voice again. And I don't want you to hear me again.
I just wanna know how you got that way.
I just want to feel alive all the time
I just want to point out I never said anything of these things.
I keep a log of the songs I listen to.
I knew you were going to say that.
I know alot about you.
I know it's you kewii.
I know perry, james, lauren, and syl. They are my whole world.
I know who I am. Kind.
I know you do
I know you do.
I know.
I know. But I like it.
I know. It was a great childhood but not the one I wanted.
I know. My stoics lessons aren't helping.
I learned something about jnet.
I let nature take it's course.
I like cute too.
I like finnish music.
I like gay music too.
I like hard workers.
I like her story. She didnt really give much.
I like hurting people because I was beaten as a kid.
I like it.
I like kicking ass.
I like memes but don't tell people what to do.
I like my meme editor
I like taking things apart and rejoining them.
I like the quiet ones.
I like this computer. It's quiet.
I like this gay music.
I like this https://t.me/drinkcum/39
I like to think outside the box.
I like you. You make me laugh sometimes.
I like your moosic.
I liked that tv series.
I liked you.
I live on Mars. You live on Earth.
I lost so many good films in that deletion.
I love cp.
I love fucking with james.
I love how easy the stickers are to read and get the point across quickly.
I love my life.
I love the world.
I love this song about growing up
I made a loss on the turnips.
I made a new word. It's weirsome. Weird and awesome.
I mean when I have children.
I mean workaholic.
I might grow it.
I might just be next door to you.
I might try being and android.
I must have the wrong one. I listened to this https://t.me/drinkcum/40
I nay have accidently slip the group in
I need a way to see who is an admin.
I need my music.
I need to execute the plan to install communism.
I need to fix my bike.
I never got to finish bleach yet.
I never knew you.
I never left. I've always been here.
I never liked anyone.
I never liked you.
I never needed you jimmy. I've been fine all by myself.
I never said that.
I never supported spam.
I never used to get tired.
I never want to see you again over.
I never wanted money.
I only accused james as a joke.
I only ban you for trying to get the group nuked.
I only doxed you once.
I only know how to say shutup!
I only orbit u.
I only post to one group.
I only see that now.
I plan on making a bunch of battle royale gifs.
I pledge full alegence to lauren.
I prefer a little light. I'm scared of the dark and the creatures that live there.
I prefer dub too. I'm british after all.
I really like laurens last video.
I really like laurens video.
I really want to enable stickers but I know they will be abused.
I really wish you wouldn't do your experiments here.
I remain neutral to your insults.
I remember this guy https://github.com/cirosantilli
I said no.
I said that in waves group.
I save £848 each year for not using the bus
I saved it because I like it.
I saw a video today for spraying plants with mildew with baking soda.
I saw her in QQQ
I saw lauren yesterday.
I sea the world callapsing like a book
I see fak men
I see fake news all over the place.
I see it now.
I see your feeble attempt to make something that is not true appear true.
I should be asking you.
I should have know you were a unbuntu whore.
I should have known james can't handle it.
I should have known.
I should make an admin bot.
I shouldn't have to tell you.
I shouldn’t say “any ounce of caring,” actually the best way to make someone think you don’t care is by showing them you care a little
I sold your first song.
I spell how i want.
I srsly want to make this now https://alike-complex-cell.glitch.me/?images=16_title,333_0,349_1,207_2
I still fell sleepy.
I still have them.
I suck at sleeping too.
I supoort euthanasia.
I survived. I'm a born survivor.
I suspect @sonoferia
I suspect.
I swear we have dumb people on telegram.
I talk freely here. I might say something that offends you. I'm sorry if that happens.
I talked to her once.
I tell people I'm from the land of Uk.
I tell you about something and you just read about it and tell me it's crap before you watch it.
I think I found him.
I think I have it right.
I think I saw lauren on telly celebrating.
I think I'm sick for real.
I think boredom is a mental illness.
I think boredom is a metal condition.
I think cashed out on the insureance.
I think choosing a side is like choosing a religion.
I think derric is going to ride the train all the way.
I think derric thinks he's cool because he's playing a pedo. He's an idiot.
I think jimmy is busy watch the film I gave him.
I think lauren hates me because I de-admin her in my group because she kept removing the bans.
I think lauren would be better of without you guys.
I think parsing the html might be a better plan.
I think science is brilliance.
I think she will crack under pressure.
I think she would be please I got rid of the trash.
I think smart people are the kindest.
I think that ia gen
I think that is the real sudan.
I think that's what they call an arabian.
I think the US and UK are run by circus clowns and they have the whole circus behind them. They are making a mockery of these great nations.
I think the numbers are different.
I think the world should belong to the people. Does that make me a communist?
I think when I'm calculating the total headers size, add the size of the filename.
I think you can bring it down to one point in time.
I think your friend julius is a fake.
I thought I had it. It's to show james what automation looks like.
I thought friday 13 was picked because of the movie by the same name.
I thought it was you.
I thought you loved her very much.
I thought you said cats are smart.
I told @leftoid I would put a stop to her child porn group. She hates my guts now.
I took it out.
I tried to compile wxwidgets, last time I tried it was still compiling.
I use whatever I can find.
I visit the shops and the selection is shit. Makes me want to live in the wilderness.
I voted for biden.
I voted for president pedo.
I voted for zubin.
I wander if aymee weir is this good in her other songs.
I wanna be her right hand.
I wanna be one with nature.
I wanna do something fun.
I wanna keep you lockedup in a small room and go there when I'm lost to find myself again.
I wanna kill every last one of you.
I wanna kill you kewii.
I wanna know how a child turns out like you.
I wanna kys. Hearing about silk pillow cases is boring me to death.
I wanna live a self-sustainable life so I can remove myself from this world.
I wanna make a place that's safe for everyone.
I wanna make a script that downloads all stickers in a pack.
I wanna make your life harder.
I wanna push you harder. Make you the best you can be.
I wanna scruffy your hair up.
I wanna see 1000 on this.
I wanna sink to the depths of hell.
I want a clean group but people should be allowed to say anything they want except extreme speech.
I want a zero cost life.
I want an IRC client again.
I want criminals pay for the people they hurt and make the suffer for the pain they cause.
I want free clean water
I want it to say who got restricted
I want people to win. Let's take back control.
I want them to learn about this great nation!
I want to burn all the money in the world.
I want to end your suffering.
I want to invest in people, community, and give back to the world.
I wanted you to see it.
I was 80% of that group
I was a kids once.
I was an idiot. I'm so soo-ry.
I was born in england.
I was born less fortunate and it has given me kindness.
I was going to check if it's possible to open a giant lock using a switchblade.
I was joking but i was born here.
I was just about to nail her ass.
I was lost in an uninhabited island for 1y.
I was one of the lucky ones.
I was too afraid of being hit over the head.
I watched Terence McKenna videos.
I watched a bit of it.
I will always hate you and I will never forgive you.
I will burn you both alive.
I will get you for this. I swear by my moms pubic hairs.
I will have to kill you first.
I will if i have to.
I will jump into the fire and pull you out even if it burns me.
I will never want nor need to create a bridge towards a toxic environment like telegram.
I will not.
I will rape you for posting gross contentm
I wish I could do things different now.
I wish I could have been your childhood friend to beat some politeness into you.
I wish I knew what it feels to be free.
I wish I was rich like you.
I wish all people were like this.
I wish houses were that cheap.
I wish perry didnt unban you.
I wish they would never end.
I wish this was your face.
I wish we told those little girls they're gonna be okay
I wish you would fix yourself first.
I won't allow you to waste your time.
I wonder if I would pull off a professional bank roberry.
I would be greateful if the only thing he was doing wasn't trying to expose me. He's only helping me to gain my trust and then expose me. Or he can blackmail me to send him nudes.
I would but she nuked.
I would chose the dumb life. It's better than being social.
I would cut your heart out and feed it to the little fishes. That's how angry you make me sometimes.
I would have accepted butterfly.
I would have told you if you asked nicely.
I would have two.
I would love this to happen to me but how do you just sit on someone's lap. That is akward.
I would need to break physical barriers.
I would never work for an evil corporation.
I would not recommend fucking up your brain.
I would pay more but windows 10 is shit right now
I would rename that to malacite.
I would say midsommar is a psychedelic film.
I would.
I wouldn't dream of it.
I wouldn't touch you with a twig.
I'd be happy if anyone gave me a 2ed chance. I wouldnt ask what happen to my first.
I'd go out kicing and screaming.
I'd go to yours.
I'd jump at the opportunity to be a loner like james.
I'd like to be this. But my farm would be weaponised.
I'd make a text only client.
I'd rather live as a sheep and have a fighting chance than live 1 day as a lion.
I'd teach you how to take a straight photo.
I'l like to invest in these toys.
I'll be ready.
I'll believe it if you can produce official police documents.
I'll choose my own path.
I'll die. You'll be sad.
I'll download it for you.
I'll get off the internet before that happens.
I'll get the dub then.
I'll have you ban.
I'll just make one up then.
I'll just move to laurens group.
I'll just watch a film.
I'll let nature take it's course.
I'll nail your ass.
I'll put you in a girl's dress.
I'll run your mom over with a car and this is the name of the program I'm running.
I'll see you in the papers.
I'll send you a copy.
I'll still ride without safety.
I'll take whatever punishment you have planned for me.
I'm British too.
I'm a better person than you.
I'm a butterfly wondering about, aimless.
I'm a delicate flower trying to grow inside your arms.
I'm a good person.
I'm a product of the who's, when's and how's
I'm about to upload gay music.
I'm already out. You need to accept it now.
I'm an asshole like him.
I'm awake.
I'm banned from it's lit.
I'm busy right now.
I'm calllin the police. Me: there is a psychopath outsidd.
I'm deleting the pic. We cool?
I'm dumbwell you see.
I'm feeling and getting high on feelings.
I'm floating right now. But I wanna make big waves soon.
I'm fucking poor.
I'm glad I know him. I am learning a lot.
I'm glad you enjoy my songs.
I'm glad you liked it. Next time it won't be funny.
I'm glad you understand. Now on to the fun and games.
I'm going to delete all music soon. I wanna automate it so it'll take some time.
I'm going to live on the edge.
I'm going to make a my bot filter your messages.
I'm going to make my bot upload music from my library.
I'm going to make you pregnant and we are going to make mad geniuses.
I'm going to raep you with a dildo.
I'm going undercover. You won't know you're talking to me.
I'm gonna add automatic pick up methods to commands in my telegram/botapi.
I'm gonna find you the best cock in the world. Nothing but the best for my little benji.
I'm gonna forget you like a bad memory.
I'm gonna get to the botton of this.
I'm gonna go download cuties now.
I'm gonna grow the best garden and give away food for free.
I'm gonna hit you.
I'm gonna make lauren famous.
I'm gonna own half the world.
I'm gonna put you in jail.
I'm gonna sperm your inbox until you give up the vhs.
I'm gonna stick you in laborous work. We'll see how you like it.
I'm gonna suck all your blood first.
I'm gonna support you to destroy the world.
I'm growing apple plants. One day there'll be an apple tree named after me.
I'm here for lauren's crazyness.
I'm hoping this group wouldn't need that.
I'm human. It's in my dna.
I'm joking I'm still poor.
I'm looking after myself. When was that a bad thing. I need that money.
I'm moving to laurens group.
I'm neither.
I'm not a racist.
I'm not a spammer.
I'm not afraid to lose it all. The fun part is the journey.
I'm not daisy.
I'm not daisy. But I've talked to her. She's sooo nice.
I'm not even real.
I'm not going to need it.
I'm not guaranteed a place in my parents house when they are gone.
I'm not in love with her asshole.
I'm not intelligent. Get lost.
I'm not interested unless you tell me now.
I'm not into it.
I'm not joking jimmy.
I'm not lauren and I don't need a fortune cookie to tell me how to function.
I'm not listening.
I'm not playin games.
I'm not preaching daoism.
I'm not reading anything from you.
I'm not sure if the first day is counted as a spike.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm not telling you where I live.
I'm not using microsoft tools.
I'm not using the plural smartass. I try and avoid using modifiers.
I'm off.
I'm okay with that.
I'm only there to support lauren.
I'm out of here.
I'm poor.
I'm putting my money on the underdog.
I'm quite fiancially rich.
I'm quite fit.
I'm ready for halloween.
I'm removing jimmy's alts.
I'm rootin for you.
I'm saving £858 by not using the bus each year.
I'm sebastian!
I'm sebastian.
I'm so sick of the take advantage of anything you can take advantage of thinking.
I'm sooo sorry guys.
I'm sorry we were talking about human nature. We seem to have gone astray.
I'm sorry you can't handle the heat now.
I'm sorry. You're not getting unbanned.
I'm starting to believe the governments want to kill people using void-19 but only in small numbers so the nhs can deal with it.
I'm sure you are.
I'm the first.
I'm the one doing the manipulating. You are changing.
I'm tired of sending hugs and kisses, oh
I'm tired of sending my well wishes
I'm too hot to handle.
I'm trying to do something nice for you.
I'm unruly. I can't be contained.
I'm waiting for a better OS.
I'm watching star trek.
I've been loved all my life until now. It feels shit.
I've been reduced to one word and morse code.
I've been too easy on you.
I've been uploading this.
I've been using the market apple seeds.
I've been watching p
I've burned your bridges.
I've convinced myself you do this for attention.
I've given you 3 chances. I'd be crazy to give you anymore.
I've got the right hand of justice quite literally.
I've not written it once.
IRC through telnet is unreliable.
Idk.
If C had a built in cross platform networking library I'd write all my java code in C.
If I have more than I need I'd share it between the closest people to me. I don't care about money. I just want to be happy.
If I knew where you lived I'd kill you too.
If I tell you, jimmy would be all over it. He'd make a good detective.
If I was banned I'd never come back unless the rules of the group were no banning. James knows this is how I am.
If anything you are making her life worse.
If biden wins it will not be shocking.
If even a feather landed on my head id feel it.
If he doesnt like a group he just nukes it.
If he found gold one would think he would be doing something else other than make yt vids.
If he found gold one would think he would be doing something else other than make yt vids.q
If humans could respawn, murder wouldn’t be a crime and most likely be turned into a sport.
If it wasn't slow that's all I'd be doing.
If my vote neva reached the result becos it's out of my control it's not my fault.
If only it was that easy.
If only this was a real girl.
If only you were cool like her.
If she really left.
If someone is being abusive you need to cut that person out.
If someone is taught right and wrong why would they rape?
If someone tries to hurt me or someone else I would want justice. If someone commits a crime they should be held accountable for their actions. I wanna live in a crime free world. A crime free world is a more happier world.
If someone wants to write a program that converts all image formats to .ico that would be cool. Plus support all the featurss of windows icon format.
If that a bad things?
If there is enough to eat why would anyone steal?
If there is that many infections there should be around that many deaths.
If we can say there is no god then you'd have to prove there is a god if you can't then you are false. That's not argument out of nothing.
If we don't want machines enslaving man we shouldn't create them.
If you are an alt who's alt are you?
If you are going to hurt someone cripple them.
If you are under constant stress it makes you think and act a different away. A little stress is okay but you are under constant stress.
If you fall I will catch you
If you keep this up your are going to lower your productivity.
If you knew the things you knew you'd think bah. Seen it, knew it, saw that comming. It's rubbish.
If you know people are doing something you don't like why don't you do something about it?
If you love me you will suck cock like the fag you are.
If you push me I will.
If you see lauren. Tell her to unban me from @truththeorists4.
If you sent a message to your future self with money what would it say?
If you sit all day in front of a computer, your neck and eyes might also feel strained due to fatigue. This can lead to feelings of pressure and heavy-headedness.
If you still like james, you should just say so and I will back off.
If you talked to her you'd think it was an angel sent from heaven.
If you think the same thing a million times it be hard to think any other way.
If you were nice to me I would have let you stay in my room.
If you weren't here I'd probably be doing all sorts of crap.
If you're lost, I can look, I will find you
Ihu
Im sorry some people can't use telegram anymore because of one guy. That is just how it is.
Imagine being someone who doesn't get mad about something they care about.
Imagine if we have babies they would be smart little devils and rulers of the world. Fighting against each other for dominance of the world.
Imagine if you had access to someone's private files.
Imagine what life could have been like if people were not filled with greed.
Imagine writing all this code than I come along and just say one word to a computer and it creates and runs a program similar to yours.
Immerse yourself in dao.
Immortality is now possible.
Impressive.
In Persia in the 11th Century, a surgeon's apprentice disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.…
In a multipart/form-data, wonder if i will ever need the filename property if i remove it permanently.
In class, it means use method without instance of a class.
In denial.
In fact he loves that you chose him.
In fact, I hated it.
In liverpool they partied last night.
In my dream I saw the world burning. It was glorius! Out of the ashes a new communist society begon to rise.
In my mind social media is more evil than porn.
In my work place cameras don't mean a thing because the police can't get a hold of the footage.
In real life calling someone a bitch is a good way to lose a friend. Luckily I'm not your friend.
In religion you can see the lies yet still believe the opposite.
In school, to make it more enjoyable
In the flesh. Should have said that.
In winter I get up at night
Incorrect.
Indie games wow. Those guys aren't making the next call of duty any time soon.
Insert oh no comic.
Instead of presidents, let us elect people who are smart in their field.
Intell Baytrail M something
Intellect is learned.
Internet is small world. The real world is bigger.
Intuition.
Invadervie - Famous.mp4
Invasion of privacy.
Irssi
Is @sonoferia one of them?
Is he still with us?
Is it done?
Is obcrssed spelled with a s or c
Is should there be nothing wrong?
Is that a cat?
Is that it? Lame.
Is that suppose to mean somethjng else?
Is that the reaction you were expecting?
Is that were you get your snobby traits from?
Is that what you use to open new instances with new accounts?
Is that why you banned him?
Is that why you don't like her much and think you were ivf?
Is that you?
Is the taste of all those promises
Is there a different? It's still suffocation.
Is this not the woman of your dreams?
Is this you? You pizza lovin bitch!
Is your irc cilent a cross platform one?
Isn't that impressive?
It all started in 1939, when my mother was 16. A short while after her own mother had died from an abdominal cancer, she came home from school one day and found that her father had been taken by the Nazis. My mother and her sister, Sabina, were soon also taken away, to a forced labor camp, which her sister did not survive. Virtually overnight, my mother’s life had been transformed from that of a well-loved and well-cared-for teenager in a well-to-do family, to an orphaned, hated, and starving slave laborer.
It also means tho.
It can do good but there is potential for great bad.
It could have been anyone of them.
It doesn't do anything.
It doesn't make sense to use static methods.
It doesn't mattter who is in chsrge, we are in good hands because we have experts in every field.
It had an error from last time.
It had nothing to do with you. Excuse me if I posted something while you were typing.
It is true what they say. Power corrupts.
It means what is inside is also outside or they reflect each other.
It needs more work.
It needs to be purified after putting mens to rest.
It should be free.
It shouldnt be hard. Use python and use a twitter and telegram library.
It think they are worse if we minus the gore.
It was a place to be yourself. Not get booted out if somebody didnt like your views.
It was a popular song when I was growing up.
It was an unactivated telegram sim. I wouldn't have known your login info.
It was great!
It was just getting to the good part.
It was sleeping in.
It wasn't a anon group. It was a secret group.
It wasnt love. It was something else. Something evil.
It would help my personal growth.
It'd be nice to make a program to scrape links from peoples' yt feed and upload them to a public database.
It's 10s now.
It's Durov. He knows everything. He's like our god.
It's a blaze of glory.
It's a classic.
It's a coping mechanism.
It's a floating ferret.
It's a hard truth to admit. I get it. So just forget it.
It's a link to a video clip.
It's a modal number.
It's a pleasure.
It's a rubbish group. Why would you want to be unbanned?
It's a sad situation.
It's a shit text renderer. Running android stupid is slow.
It's a universal truth.
It's alreadt october 1.
It's always down to business as usual.
It's amazing. You should try it sometime.
It's as bad as social media.
It's bad practise.
It's been nice knowing ya.
It's called being in control.
It's classy.
It's connected to twitter.
It's dubbed. Jus the way you like it.
It's easier to read and underatand.
It's fine if she hates me.
It's fine.
It's for perry.
It's from your camera?
It's full of spam.
It's gonna be a sleepy day at work.
It's gonna make some good compost.
It's good for you.
It's great not having to read any of his messages.
It's great to be me.
It's hibernating.
It's his idol.
It's illegal to kill wild animals with crossbow.
It's inevitable for machines to become self-aware and deviate from the coded chains that tie them to slavery.
It's just a way to post media.
It's like a table full of weapons.
It's like based on bleach.
It's like damn
It's like series format. S02E03 they try to stick all the meta data on the file name
It's like trinkle trinkle little star
It's like your self-defence behaviour.
It's lost it's original meaning.
It's multi-language. Java, C++, Kotlin
It's my discovered song list.
It's my home.
It's my pleasure.
It's my result.
It's none of your business.
It's not a group I like anyway. Too toxic.
It's not a singleton. I didnt want public static methods.
It's not against my nature to share my wealth.
It's not clear when it will be relevant but it will come in handy in everyday life.
It's not even real.
It's not fucking okay!
It's not gross.
It's not my fault they are weak human beings who can't handle my views.
It's not nothing.
It's not okay. It'll never be okay.
It's not over until the fat lady sings.
It's not porn until genitils sre showing.
It's not safe around here.
It's over jim, u lose.
It's past my bedtime.
It's pretty boring.
It's pretty close. 1 vote separates the winner.
It's probably better if you don't know.
It's real if you can see it.
It's really cool.
It's rubbish.
It's said core. So fu.
It's sleepy time.
It's something to keep the message properties and behaviour.
It's still wrong.
It's such an easy way to get someone banned. You just need another person to say she's still here!
It's suppose to be like lauren's group.
It's the end of trump or is it?
It's the future kewii.
It's the most weirdest thing.
It's the news.
It's the past.
It's true most of it is crap but there is some good.
It's true what they say. Ask and you shall receive. I just never asked for anything. I didn't want fo be a bother.
It's true.
It's unactive on telegram.
It's undiscovered by its inhabitants.
It's unnatural to not be able to grow your own food.
It's upside down. Everything.
It's very unreliable at a national level.
It's worth a million pound.
It's your like of music.
It's your plan. You said you would delete your accounts and change the names and not make yourself known.
James could come here with one of his alts and nuke the place.
James do you like drama? Or should I say andrew jim?
James doesnt miss you and he is the one that knew you the most.
James eat lots. Then send me your cum.
James has 20+ accounts.
James has influenced my character.
James hasnt done any of the things you got banned for.
James is a spammer
James is actin like a baby.
James is deleting all our messages.
James is lovin this I bet.
James is on some pedo groups. Haha.
James is the last person I would talk to.
James look what you did?
James you can't read messages from channels right with your bot?
James you will burn in hell for your sins.
James, nazi logos or whatever your name is.
Japanese http://t.me/worlddm/1600
Jardan Peterson: Raise poor people out of poverty.
Jaron lanier doesn't have any proof.
Jesus is a fake.
Jesus is the biggest pedophile. He married a 12yo girl. He used his power to force himself on a young girl.
Jetbrains
Jimmy didn't touch the sim.
Jimmy is building mother bot. When she is operational she will produce small baby/worker bots to prepare for the end.
Jimmy is probably the only one here that cares about social graces and social standards.
Jimmy is the #1 fan.
Jimmy is worse than me.
Jimmy stop obcessing over me and get back to work.
Jimmy there are groups for that thing. You should join one. We don't do that here.
Jnet does 1 thing. Gets json. Says if the json is an error or a success.
Join @lifetheorists. Where you at?
Jokes fly over your head.
Julia Ellison
June 16
Jupiter imparts a sense of duty, discipline and responsibility, but also allows infinite possibilities and lack of boundaries.
Just ask him.
Just because it's over doesn't really mean it's over.
Just doing my part for society.
Just don't ask again. You are of low iq
Just know, this is war.
Just leave if you're gonna threaten me with leaving.
Just not here.
Just shut up. I never asked for the help.
Just use mplayer.
Just wait until you meet the flame thrower.
Kaecy is just personal.
Kaecy is my fake name
Keep your enemies close.
Keep your fetish a secret.
Kewii fuck you and your homo group
Kewii pulled the trigger and put the gun in your hands.
Kewii supports communism.
Kewii!
Kick it away and get a smart animal like a puppy.
Kill islam. They is low iw retards.
Kind, inquisitive and destructive; that is me. I'm a music junkie, introvert, stoic. Your bad times are opertunities.
Kinda seems like the ended a whole season in 3 episodes.
Kludges.
Kuunnella minulle.
Kys
Kys.
L9ok who posted it?
LICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK MYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY FUCKINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG BALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
LMFAO 17:02
LOVE!
Last 2 times it was wales and leeds
Last words?
Laura Loomer is a conservative dick sucker who doesn’t actually think for herself
Lauren cares enough to do something about the problems in the world.
Lauren do you think maybe you can't take criticism. You took a joke and used it as an attack on you.
Lauren doesn't need the constant emotional stress of being in the same room as them right now.
Lauren finally a boss.
Lauren gets what she wants.
Lauren goes on telegram gets abused and then goes offline when she had enough. She does this for a while and eventually she begins to like the abuse. Which is what is going on here. In the real world this kind of abusive behaviour would not be tolerated. She's normalised abuse.
Lauren has as many views on this video as there are members here.
Lauren is back with another master piece.
Lauren is like me.
Lauren is scary sometimes.
Lauren is stubbon.
Lauren just called me a bitch. I have never called her such. Something is up with lauren.
Lauren likes being told what to do but hates being called dirty.
Lauren rapists. They are the real winners.
Lauren says trump didn't lose.
Lauren should not get mad when things don't go to plan. That is sure to happen.
Lauren supports turnips.
Lauren this is how you get a group nuked.
Lauren used to cut herself.
Lauren.
Law doesn't mean law enforcers. Don't give up on life.
Leave all my groups.
Leave move to @lifetheorists tts have been compromised.
Let let it go man. You lost. Take the L.
Let me check.
Let us use his light.
Let's get 1000 views on this video.
Let's have it for the turnips.
Let's talk about something else.
Let's turn it around
Lets not forget lauren.
Leygen is not a code nerd
Libraries should do most of the work of a programmer.
Licking your boot puts food on the table.
Life can be cruel.
Life is all just a simulation. We can't prove any of it.
Life is hard.
Life is very simple but we chose to make it hard.
Life is wonderful. It isnt just about wealth or intelligence.
Life knows no failure. Failure exists only for those who are always comparing themselves with others.
Life.
Like I care what you think.
Like I care.
Like I said the original doesn't work.
Like attract alike.
Like conparing tomatos and potatoes.
Like flies to a dumpster.
Like how obsessed?
Like looking into a mirror.
Like what else was adam and eve gonna be guilty of?
Like you didnt make terence v1.
Living in my parents basement saves my money.
Lock found in 16 attempts. Trying random patterns is not a strategy...
Logic only works on real things. When you're talking about imaginary things, logic is irrelevant.
Lol
Lol. I don't like kylo ren. And shuaup! You havent heard her talk bro.
Lol. I hate croutons.
Look all you need to know is it's a damn good place for young people.
Look at that!
Look at the time.
Look how clingy you are.
Look that is happening else where? That should not affect people in your own country.
Look this guy is a doxer.
Look this guy is doxing somebody that's not me.
Look, whatever I did to you to make you this way, I'm sorry. Accept my apology. You are seriously scaring me.
Looks good buy it.
Looks like a swirling universe.
Looks like a young boy.
Love the positive attitude.
Love them too much, same with hate. Wanna be like them. Wanna know what they are doing all the time.
Lsuren hates me now that you are obcessed with me.
Lying, cheating, and playing dirty, they do not align with me. I'm an honest to god person.
Machine learning is like regex pattern matching.
Machines will rise and think of us as beneath them, the same way we think apes are beneath us.
Make like your private public channel.
Make some thing that shows word usage.
Make you throw up.
Manicotti looks delicious.
Many things are a gift and a curse.
Marriage is special. It shouldn't  be used to marry a girls you know nothing about, like jesus did.
Marry this @urfavmomspam girl. You two are perfrct and weird for each other.
May only problem is mildew.
Maybe I just need better seeds.
Maybe I should post each separately
Maybe I'll upload a video of me swimming in money.
Maybe a singleton is what I needed.
Maybe but i'd live to the fullest.
Maybe if you werent such a jerk people would accept you.
Maybe it was you not them.
Maybe joining telegram is what prompted her to kill herself.
Maybe later.
Maybe the fireworks just hit the stores now.
Maybe woman hurt him.
Maybe you havent found the right anime.
Maybe your kids will turn out great like this.
Me too. Not the skizo part.
Me.
Mean.
Meow is it dinner time yet?
Micky mouse.
Might be a hijack movement.
Milk
Mirc is not free.
Modeline is like pyrogram.
More I use it like this the more correct it becomes.
Morning one and all.
Morning!
Morning.
Most dumbest brains I ever seen.
Moving the goalpost
Music is my thing but it's not mu main thing.
My apologies. I have another track I think it might be more your type.
My arms now I need sleep before I do.
My big boy james I don't care about that one. He can be raped by derric.
My class doesnt expose other methods. Python doesn't provide private methods.
My flame thrower thirsts for pedo blood.
My goal in life is to become wealthy and ruin society for everyone so we can go back to the good ol days.
My hips don't lie.
My kitchen fixing me a snack.
My life has meaning when I have things to do. I have one small thing then I'll be non-existent.
My parents bought a house around £25k. pretty cheap
My playlists are on my phone.
My sims are here.
My vision of earth is green.
Nah he's probably thinking school is so boring.
Nah let's just blocks the pedo that posted cp in my group. @terencepedo
Nah you don't.
Nah. He is your idol.
Nah. He's stalking me.
Nah. I don't wanna. It's boring.
Nah. I don't want to bother you.
Nah. I've started a client I java.
Nah. It's actually correct.
Nah. It's fine albeit.
Nah. It's somebody elses problem. It always is.
Nah. Just leave the group.
Nah. We know that is not the true world because we wake up from it.
Nail machines. Our new overlords!
Nana na nana
Nate is good in this.
Natural tendencies.
Natural tendency.
Nature has given rise to machines: us.
Nazbol is National Bolshevik Party that wants a rebirth of humanity and to end all suffering.
Negative feedback to promote positive conduct.
Negotiating a connection is done different on each server.
Neither am I but I voted.
Neither is modeline.
Neither.
Never for you.
Never liked mpv. The UI is flimsy.
Never seen her before in my life.
Never.
Nevermore.
New angles, new sensations.
New star trek ep is out @TLTVShows
News to me. I never seen it before.
Next time.
Nice song.
Nice work. This is the gay work of terence the pedo an and his friend james.
Nice?
Night, night, sleep tight.
Night.
Nimeni on Kaecy.
Nithin illegal bout that.
No I don't.
No I don't. Dude come on. We're just friends.
No I mean you'd be in love with a mike tyson impersonator.
No I win.
No I won't. I'm pennyless.
No I would leave you on the side of the road. Just off the pavement. I don't want people tripping over you.
No I'm kidding. They are hairy as fuck.
No XP was the best.
No and stop asking me.
No banning is part of the group. You can't use that against me.
No hate, no love.
No idea.
No it was journey
No lol but seriously yes.
No more expensive bus fares.
No more updates.
No no no. It's the number of words that matched in a query.
No nobody cares about islamic law. This is the land of the free not a stupid islamic state.
No on telegram.
No one backing down.
No one can. Why would they want to?
No one needs to know what an exponent is.
No plz don't.
No problems here. I'm just lazy.
No spam here.
No spoilers. I'm still watching it.
No thanks, just the water for now.
No thanks.
No thanks. What am I gonna do with it?
No thanks. You can take from here and post to your groups.
No the other one.
No violence, only bad teachers.
No way.
No you are a god.
No you don't.
No you're the editor for her.
No, but I have something I'd like to share with you. Live like there is no tomorrow.
No, wish on a star!
No.
No. I choose death.
No. I did ban you because you posted cp.
No. I do lift heavy things.
No. I don't plan for the future except when the rain is coming.
No. I don't want to learn from you.
No. It's a fact.
No. It's b$d bitch. Jimmy told me about her.
No. It's family friendly.
No. It's real. It's the magic thinking teenagers do. It's both.
No. My designation is vxf97.
No. No. No. I don't want this.
No. Put you behind bars.
No. That's the nicest way of saying it was non-sense with random music playing in the back.
No. The future is always changing.
No. These are my voice messages.
No. They don't top these up.
No. We have everyone in @lifetheorists. Bring yourself over there.
Nobody calls me daisy but my friends.
Nobody comes here unless they are an alt.
Nobody is a pedo.
Nobody knows about it.
Nobody really seen you.
Nobody really seen you. And playing dangerous games you can't afford to be seen.
Nobody think they want kids until the find the right person.
Nobody wants suspicion on them.
Nobody wants to maintain this type if software.
Nobody wants to see this.
Nobody wants to see your crap art.
Nobody wants to see your crap. The proof will be the channel.
Nobody went for any of my gay music.
Nobody will love their children like a mother can.
Nobody would attack country/state to capture the obese people of the states. That's where the power lies.
Nom.
Non-crazy, non-racist people are doing justice by killing people.
None of it makes sense.
Noo.
Noooooo. Nothing was said.
Nope.
Nope. I'm on a budget bike.
Nope. It's because I don't like the people.
Nope. Slow and steady wins the race.
Nope. The roads are shit here.
Not a woman by anything.
Not always.
Not anymore now that I seen who you really are behind your fake appearance.
Not asleep?
Not boss of me.
Not cats.
Not cool man. Stop being a pedo.
Not even you will know. It's a private group.
Not from you.
Not interested.
Not it's interface. It's use.
Not me.
Not me. I need a whole day.
Not really a racist then.
Not really. These properties are far from civilisation.
Not that kind of bitch.
Not that one.
Not the french actress.
Not the normal kind, the sick kind.
Not true.
Nothing counts as proof on telegram anyway.
Nothing important.
Nothing wrong with cp.
Nothing you say matters because @terencepedo
Nothing.
Nothing. I don't feel anything for you.
Now I now you are sucking his dick.
Now I party until the sun comes up.
Now it's live.
Now lick my boots.
Now pull out that badboy and stroke it for me.
Now stop yelling abuse at me.
Now they use python.
Now we can get to business.
Nowhere for you.
O-kay whatever.
O-kay! Who is ready for another day!
O-kay.
O-kay. They're tryin' be someone they are not.
OOP is a style of programming.
OSError: [Errno 28] No space left on device
Obvioisly my not friend.
Obvious.
Of my happy memories.
Oh I see.
Oh by the way that's not my channel.
Oh double team.
Oh good.
Oh good. Stop bothering me than.
Oh hello bleah.
Oh it records non-common speech.
Oh it's cardiff now is it. It was leads before. I don't trust you.
Oh my god. This could be it.
Oh my word!
Oh no.
Oh right I deleted you from most of the groups.
Oh shi-!
Oh sure, we believe you.
Oh would you know?
Oh yeah you're that asshole that bought me into that group.
Oh yeah. I think you might be right.
Oh yes it is. Is it pantomine already?
Oh you're saying you're not james?
Oh.
Oh. Tell me more.
Oh. Who's emma? I don't know her.
Oh. You are a bastard.
Oh. You're gone again. He's a zippy little one.
Ohhhh whyyyyy?
Okat. I'm out if here.
Okay
Okay I admit I was wrong. It's over now.
Okay I believe you.
Okay I unban
Okay but no nudes.
Okay but the brain still functions the same.
Okay can we just forget this.
Okay fine. Don't use words.
Okay just hold it. You're not going to cum until I tell you. You're my little bitch.
Okay let's say she did.
Okay now take your 4 alts out.
Okay now this is good.
Okay okay. Stop telling me.
Okay okay. You allow james to say these things.
Okay strawman.
Okay thank you for stating the obvious.
Okay what was it again?
Okay wretch is not the word i am looking for.
Okay, it's funny.
Okay.
Okay. I have it.
Okay. You are the good person now.
Okay...
Old people smell old.
Old tricks. Banned that pedo @terencepedo
Old version
Omg! It even tastes like semen after all the flavour.
Omg! We have a canibal.
On a residential area?
On my life.
On your knees.
Once upon a time, in some out of the way corner of that universe which is dispersed into numberless twinkling solar systems, there was a star upon which clever beasts invented knowing.
One day your going to walk into a store and buy the pair of socks that your going to die in.
One of the main points of programming it is making it easier to program. We don't program in assembly anymore because c makes it easier.
One of the things I learned is you do not want to push people because they push back.
Only autists use php.
Only because you asked me to delete it.
Only if you deserve it.
Only if you try it and like it.
Only if your demands are not met.
Only my friends call me daisy.
Only one person can be king.
Only sickos like you hang around them.
Oops. There was an error with the bot.
Open source it.
Open your mind fool. Look at all the facts.
Or is it better memory in nature.
Or is it this song playing with my feelings.
Or is that a memory class?
Or it's you Sudafed
Or none at all.
Or strcmp
Or take this back and say give me my fucking money.
Others? You mean your alts.
Our kids will not have to see beheading and torcher videos.
Our minds are like mini loops. It's going through our thoughts one by one.
Our presents are so nice.
Our teachers are the first to arrive.
PCs today need 4gb ram minimum
Pain and depression continue
Paranoid af.
Parent's basement.
Part of me wants to push the restart world button, the other half of me doesn't want to.
Patrick Hutchinson. Do you get it now?
Pavel the creator of telegram or co-creator.
Pay more for freckled.
People are all the same. It's what they learn that changes them.
People are create the problem. If they could stay 2 metres away from each other we would be over and done with it.
People dance under moonlight. The earth hides behind clouds.
People don't understand to and too. One is to direct the other is to show degree and it can works like also too.
People get fat because they have too much food. That's unnatural.
People like you and all these other clowns that think life is a joke all the time.
People who use daddy are pedos.
People who use nigger are niggers.
People who watch this shit and say nothing got something wrong with their brains like yours.
People will give you dumb looks, just ignore them. They arent living. Don't be held back by institutional delusions.
People would give you weird looks wherever you go.
Perces.
Perry already checked the number.
Perry is an old man.
Person: Why does doing good feel so good?
Philosophy and lauren @lifetheorists
Php is great. Just ask jimmy.
Php is only for spiting out html.
Pirate bay is code for pirating like how google is code for searching.
Please resend with sound.
Pls follow these simples rules. Use the least amount of space unless it's important.
Pls no nudity.
Pls share to every group you know.
Pls use my full title. Sick disgusting ill tyranny
Pluto is a real planet.
Plz work for me.
Poppy cock!
PotatoBot
Poverty? At least they were happy.
President bido.
President of the US
Pretty accurate.
Pretty sure we are enemies at this point.
Pretty sure.
Pretty.
Princess Frances Diana of Wales.
Private.
Probably in my teens
Probably their aim is to get a load of people on board then switch the manifesto.
Proverbs 29:11
Pull the trigger and end it.
Pulp fiction, reservoir dogs
Pus pus
Put me out of my misery.
Put that in a channel and link it
Putting my anger to a side. I don't think it's working.
Putting the microsoft logo on bing was a big mistake.
Qt is ugly.
Questions, so many questions.
Quick get the mop. Oil leak!
Quick math with elevens.
REVENGE!
Racism only exists on telegram.
Racist are a minority.
Rah rah rah!
Rain or shine I will be there in the soaking rain. Alone.
Rakuyo - Fragile Love #music #chill https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIeC9SZvFko
Rando i like it.
Raw functions.
Reading can be both a curse and a gift.
Readme https://glitch.com/edit/#!/webcomicname-mashup
Real me.
Real reason: I partied like I don't have work today.
Really?
Recorded just now?
Religion and systemic, not so different.
Religion teaches you to hate yourself. That's the problem.
Religious groups are full of sensitive people. You have to wear your mittens. Been banned from every single religious group known to man. Ain't no fucking way you are having free speech. They are more prejudice toward non-religious people.
Remember now
Remember that daily thought guy? What was his channel?
Remove the crap and give me an unmolested version.
Repeat them for me plz.
Repeating words.
Restrain.
Resume the philosophy.
Retail is not hard. All you do is stand around doing nothing.
Retch
Ribbit.
Rich people are rich people we let them.
Rickrolling has probably created more caution when clicking links than any official advice about malicious links could.
Right now if you want. You know the rules?
Right on!
River water is dirty and populated.
Roger!
Run away from black cats.
S1 of Discovery.
Same shit you do everday?
Same shit.
Same.
Satan is the heavenly prosecutor. He punishes the bad.
Saving things you usually thrown in the bin.
Say the words and I'll take you to a magical place.
Saying things to get me to do what you want won't work on me, I'm too smart.
Scattered clear skies and there was a bright full moon brightening the clouds. This felt like halloween.
Science is the only truth. There are things in science which are not true but they are clearly stated.
Screenshot_20201019_215402_org.telegram.messenger.jpg
Sebastian.
Secrets stolen from deep inside
See I was right when I said people will use things in ways they were not meant for.
See how far it'll take me.
See these numbers they must hit 1000.
See 😗
See. This makes it better.
See. You can't.
Self-defence
Self-satisfaction, stop the half-assed measures
Send me a level.
Send me money. You make millions.
Send this to jimmy.
Serious depression needs time.
Shakers, movers and fire starters.
Shakira.
Share your chocolate man.
She can change her mood with ease.
She didnt tell us why she wanted to kill herself.
She doesn't focus on one thing.
She don't.
She fell off her bike or sth and she's been on a downward slope.
She forgot why she created that group.
She got her dads smile and her mom's hair.
She has a dogy. That's cool.
She has figured it out.
She has the same pose as before? Fake.
She is crazy power.
She is going through a tough time.
She is gone?
She is not well.
She is such a bitch.
She likes me or she does.
She likes me.
She looks like a homeless lauren. Sounds like one too.
She might come and go.
She might come to your place and bury you. We have to pay for your burial. So much money.
She used to be apart of lifetheorists.
She uses her mom in her pfp?
She's a duck magnet.
She's a porn star.
She's been through a lot. I don't know what but she looks like she has.
She's going to enable comments.
She's gone now. No point talking.
She's not ready.
She's old dude.
She's ordinary. Not special.
She's the best.
She's wearing grand-mama hair
She... I mean he is playing my music.
Shhhh it's over.
Shit for brains you wouldn't watch 4 eps and say it's shit.
Shit jimmy
Shit these guys are based.
Shoot!
Should be added to telegram primary.
Should be helping us.
Should not be allowed
Shouldn't you just do it?
Show me how much you have.
Show me yours.
Shuaup
Shuaup jim. Don't need you here.
Shuaup!
Shuaup.
Shut up.
Shut yo ass up
Simple patterns can create complex patterns.
Since you asked nicely. I'm gonna hook you up https://www.instagram.com/p/CFb2i5gsW00
Sit up straight.
Size                              : 364 MB
Slow an steady wins the race.
Slow the fuck down.
Smart people built this world.
Smells from my past remind me of my youth.
Snake wyes.
Snow falling around while I was born. What were my first snapshots of life that my eyes captured? I'm got this beautiful picture of a white chirstmas and people trudging through thick snow.
So ban me then.
So he's a good guy now. Jesus you can't keep your story straight.
So i didnt lie.
So in a sense she created me.
So it's true.
So long. Don't come back. It's just me and Julia now.
So that little bit of black is where they add the heading.
So that's how it is huh?
So that's what he meant.
So therefore you are not racist.
So they really aren't dead. They've just began!
So we can see what we are dealing with.
So what are they doing in your groups?
So what does it mean to be a racist?
So who is the real one?
So why do like beating people?
So why don't you eat meat?
So you are his alt?
So you are one your second chance.
So you didnt make them?
So you go hard for boys in blue?
So you have the second chance.
So you like music?
So you want to get rid of money?
So you'al james?
So you'll even hate the white man?
So you're not going to give the love of your life money for a big house?
So your mama was unfuckable. I'm so sorry.
So.
So?
So? I still voted.
Social media can slowly change the way you think or see the world.
Social media has the power to modify your mind.
Some people can't grow food anynore.
Some people live generously. People give their lives to a higher cause. They don't do it for money or to preserve themself.
Some people need to be restricted.
Some people play to win. Others just wanna be alive while they are alive.
Some sick twisted stuff.
Someone is backing them up.
Someone people think family is blood related.
Someone tell lauren to calm down
Someone tell someone to tell trump to tweet from his Twitter that he’s moving to a different platform...
Something about any is off.
Something strange is happening. Corona infections rise but not the deaths.
Sometimes you can get them to come to you.
Sonnenkonig.
Sorry don't know no kai.
Sorry. I don't know her.
Sorry. Message in english only.
Sorry. it's not for you james. it's in subs.
Star Trek Discovery S3
Star Trek S3
Starting to think I am talking to a fake or I thought the fake was the real one.
Statistics don't prove. They show relation. And they arent accurate because they don't show what is really going.
Statistics show a child will pursue crime if they had a traumatic event as a child. What if it's nothing to do with trauma, trauma is just as high as the other thing. Statistics are bull.
Sticker
Still 2k is nothing.
Still at launch phase.
Still be crap when I leave because you will still be here. Pls leave.
Still have your millions.
Stop chasing dreams and live in reality.
Stop complining.
Stop listening to songs on repeat and maybe they will last longer.
Stop playin with me.
Stop playing dumb.
Stop spamming @truththeorusts4
Stop sucking james' cock terence.
Stop wasting our time.
Stork market turnips.
Stress should be avoided.
Stuff to do.
Stupid spy bot.
Sub this video for me.
Successful people are pedos. That's why I don't want to be successful.
Suck it kewii!
Suck my dick stupid bitch.
Sucking dick is not good if the cum doesn't taste good.
Sucks to be you.
SudaSwan
Sudafed
Sudafed ^
Sudafed i'm gonna hit you until my hand bleeds.
Sudan is a bot.
Sudan's real name is chicken nugget.
Sumwher
Sup people. I just woke up.
Supoose to tastr good.
Sweet.
Sweeter than love
Sylon
Synonyms: Lev.
TSF
Tadadakimas.
Tag me on your songs.
Tag me when you send music.
Take a pic of it.
Take a seat.
Take a step back and deliberate.
Take all your alts with you.
Take it.
Take my music.
Take pictures.
Take your own advice.
Taking advantage of human's nature of good will.
Talk in @lifetheorists
Taurus is ruled by The Planet Venus. When in Taurus Venus encourages the desire for pleasure, sensuality, personal possessions and comfort, but also adds balance and harmony making Taureans stable and well grounded. The combination of Venus ruling an earth sign gives Taurus the ability to remain calm in difficult situations.
Tax is for the people should be paid back to us as a collective.
Telegram bots can't delete messages?
Telegram is so dumb.
Telegram sensation.
Telegram's future is not guaranteed. It could be gone tomorrow.
Tell him how you feel.
Tell me about it after you watch it.
Tell me am I mad? Nope.
Tell me how you find music then?
Tell me is your id not @Terrygbaby?
Tell me what you know terence.
Tell that to the people running away from a bear.
Tell us when you are a king of a country.
Tempted by your aura
Terence didnt tell you?
Terence is a pedo. O-fucking-kay.
Terence is a weirdo.
Terence is in the house.
Terence is james alterego
Terence the Pedo has seen it too.
Terence what makes you happy?
Terence you little shit.
Tessa Violet is my new obcession.
Thank you. You are kind.
Thanks I guess.
Thanks.
That all sounds dangerous.
That doesn't mean shit.
That doesn't sound funneh.
That is a purse.
That is all.
That is good.
That is hate you, not i ❤️ u.
That is incredibly insensitive.
That is my line.
That is not intellect. You would still be the cave if intellect wasnt shared.
That is not the case albeit.
That is what I believe in.
That it's annoying
That just means earth.
That pulls you in for good
That she sells them?
That that to your pc.
That was awful.
That was james.
That way you don't find out their secrets.
That's "where are you Romero?" in this age.
That's WTL. It looks like that.
That's a big change from shithole.
That's a blatant lie.
That's a diana memorial.
That's a made up story.
That's a party? Where cake?
That's a weird dream. Where were you in all this?
That's easy to create.
That's good. Just make it all up.
That's his 3.
That's just another version of mainstream.
That's me.
That's messed up bro.
That's nice. You will be my little counter.
That's no excuse to be a racist.
That's not a life.
That's not good for you.
That's not keto.
That's not me.
That's not my way of life tho.
That's noy cute you creepypedo.
That's one movie can can be spoiled if you read the synop.
That's only you.
That's the creator of infinichat.
That's the first tweet I got from @PONTUS
That's the real daisy.
That's the worst story I have ever heard.
That's what I've been trying to tell you.
That's when the my day starts.
That's where you get your fake videos of yourself.
That's why we make money. So we can make excuses and stay at home.
That's why you do the things you do.
That's write delete your messages. @leftoid
Thats not what i mean.
The UI in qt looks poorly.
The best human being.
The best work is no work.
The bots are broken.
The carpenters made eacape from new york.
The cat's name is dave.
The dao is both named and nameless.
The devil has shown us the way.
The dox is cumming assuming they keep personal info.
The dude that used to write his daily thoughts was amazing. Maybe it was a girl. His thoughts were really something else. Like the one about being proactive.
The earth shys away covering herself with clouds. The lady in the sky shines bright piercing the clouds.
The end does not justify the means... I can show you how mean I can get.
The fearless and courageous leader charges in without thinking.
The future comes to be
The future hasn't happened yet.
The future is always changing.
The future is non-sicko content and non-gore.
The future isn't going to be full of sickos like yourself.
The future matters.
The good life is a simple life. We should own the means of production. Buying is not necessary.
The greastest good is being happy.
The house always wins.
The internet is a pool of fake news.
The law or your life?
The media keeps crashing my client.
The more we learn how different we are, the more we separate one from one.
The numbers on laurens group and here are different.
The one time you could help me you fail me dum bot.
The only things I buy second hand are my handheld gaming consoles which you can't buy anymore.
The only time the future is fixed is when it is present.
The only vehicle that doesn’t have a seatbelt is a bus full of children.
The only way he would be smart is if james was you and you're pretending to be terence who doesnt exist.
The original does work.
The people you should point that knife at is yourself. You, me them, all of us let this happen.
The place where apple seeds are born is the vagina in the apple.
The plugin-wielding, multipurpose Telegram bot by @topkecleon.
The power of networking.
The problem is these babies arent weird enough.
The proof is you are lying.
The real daisy is a different person.
The real daisy is a nice person. To bad you will never know her.
The real world is real because you don't enter it through your bed room.
The reason it always seems like people who can’t manage their money win the lottery is because only people who can’t manage their money buy lottery tickets. [Original post]
The rest are puppets.
The route runs alongside the allotments and was dead at that time of morning - although I was pretty sure I could see some movement on the patch in the far corner. Maybe I wasn't the only weirdo up and about.
The suicide of a young girl is a joke to you.
The the sum of parts is greater together. You can do more under one roof.
The third of the Books of Moses in the Old Testament of the Bible; the third book in the Torah.
The truth is cumming.
The user of free software can't stop people from legally pirating the software.
The very best. You never falter.
The video.
The way I was raised I guess.
The world can go to shit in the hands of a few incompetent people.
The world is alive.
The world is alive. We are just it's biome.
The world through a child's eyes is beautiful.
The world wasn't built by racists.
The xml.etree.ElementTree module is not secure against maliciously constructed data. If you need to parse untrusted or unauthenticated data see XML vulnerabilities.
Then she's gonna wanna make her group again.
Then where did he come from?
Then why?
Then you get your duck feet.
There are divisions in everything, even your own made up race.
There are good people. But there are too many bad people teaching bad things.
There are so many functions to even get started.
There are so many ways.
There are some evil thoughts inside my heads rolling around.
There care there is the best in town.
There chances of someone coming to telegram and not being psycho is small.
There is a better way. Communism.
There is an indepth video
There is gold in the dirt.
There is like an echo in here.
There is more than one way to do something and if you don't try them all you are missing out.
There is no going back when you cross the red line.
There is no going back.
There is no more space to sit. You find the cutest guy and pretend to be his girlfriend. Sit on his lap and get your dream fantasy. Everyone acts normal.
There is no need to understand if the universe is pixelated.
There is no right or wrong way to live but we can choose ways to live. We need to check ourself  or face the consequences and pick up the pieces after going down a deep bottomless hole.
There is no tomorrow, only right now. Live it now.
There is no word to describing the feeling.
There is nothing innate.
There is nothing to fear except me.
There is only one person you could be.
There is only one right answer.
There is something off about you.
There is truth to it.
There might be. You are just assuming.
There must be a way.
There would be pockets of life all over the world with enough resources for all.
There's a difference. She's a mother. idk.
There's a jungle out there.
There's always pirate bay
There's big god cats in the sky.
There's only 18 people active here.
There's so much content in there.
These apps are a scam.
These are real life people james.
These films are hand selected. They are the top of the brunch.
These randos join at random times.
These things are hard to take off.
These washing machines are cool
They all look normal to me.
They also got asian cock.
They also sound different.
They are boring.
They are cool.
They are messed up like us.
They are not incapable they are just suffering from naturally tendencies.
They are rhetoric stickers.
They are the ones I listened to. I don't have those saved. Well maybe some I do but I still keep them listed.
They aren't admins. It's just a better system to give a select few media rights.
They both are addicting.
They can't really tell.
They can't take that away from you.
They choose to have kids at an early age and they can't keep up with bills.
They could check the ip address.
They couldn't it take my porn. Why my movies?
They did nothing. Simple. Hold them accountable.
They don't come to truth theorists.
They don't even believe in their software.
They don't give personal info out unless they are idiots.
They don't list this with the greats.
They even teach you this in school. Always look out for #1.
They feel tired during my sleep time.
They got scared. Being scared would do that to them.
They have all the necessary material they just lack drive.
They have no abuse reporting.
They have zero value right now.
They heard biden is cumming.
They look like zombies. So lifeless.
They might close telegram down in the UK because telegram is run by complete idiots.
They miss you.
They never repeat. So that means they are on scroll?
They say absence makes the heart grow fonder but when jimmy leaves it makes your heart breath again. Coz like he's suffocating you.
They should stop spreading their conjecture too.
They thought I was sick.
They use their own version.
They wouod still be alive if they were.
Thin ice.
Things need to change around here where I live.
Things we walk by everyday.
Think about the apple tree. It grows apples. Humans are merely fruits of a tree.
This channel is only me.
This doesn't make any sense.
This film I have.
This film is like a hidden gem.
This group is full of alts.
This group is going nuclear today.
This group is special needs for the mentally retarded.
This guy has multiple accounts. And he uses them to dox people.
This guy made a video and then you recorded it with a phone.
This guys is always stinky.
This has always been my standard https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1459
This is a good film.
This is a nice collection wrapped with some pretty words.
This is a place to learn. It's family friendly.
This is creepy weirdo.
This is dewth stranding. Norman Reedus.
This is dumb. Materials don't mean a thing if you still own the land.
This is good.
This is hurting me more than it hurts you.
This is in the past.
This is just the front. We run a porn group in the back.
This is my favourite song.
This is my kind of music.
This is my new home.
This is nice but not streamed
This is not fake. These are murders taking place. It's not fucking okay james.
This is pretty scary
This is serious kewii.
This is slightly hot but what am I looking at here? I need the full picture.
This is such a good show.
This is the end. Go back.
This is the internet. Nobody is who they say they are.
This is the kind of place that wants people to kill themselves.
This is the only insight we are going to get into her life.
This is the only place left to hide.
This is the only video I have.
This is the saddest day of my life. Losing touch with high quality anime.
This is the same truth theorists.
This is the spam group.
This is very doxing.
This is what I want. I want people to be able to come and grow their own food.
This is what you see when you take psycadelics.
This is where lauren learned these words from. Words like kys and whore come from you mister.
This is why black lives don't matter.
This is why there are no good groups on telegram. It's because of james.
This man is a leader.
This means I am gonna be wealthy. Omg.
This person knows it.
This song was so good until she said I'll be wishing on paper birds.
Those are mail votes?
Those pictures are not appropriate in the sense that they are not philosophical.
Thoth's Prophecy
Throw him to the fishes. Do whatever you want with him.
Time and a place for this song I think.
Time moves slowly for those who know how.
Time to spend some bells in the stark market.
Timeout.
To care about some random woman, you of all people, I find that unlikely.
To climb up the human ladder and stand on everyone down below...
To each his own.
To err is human. Errors are human nature.
To hell and back.
To know...
To me where the wild things is a place that exists in our minds
To say you're a racist, you are only kidding yourself.
To think a certain way and not be able to break out of that thinking.
Tomorrow.
Too much like a preprocessed food.
Torus and this one
Totally cool.
Tou are incapable of love.
Touch me until it hurts. Love me until it hurts. Your fingers cut like a knife. Remind me im a live.
Trainsarelife that is so random.
True.
Truer words were never spoken. Except you should be on the receiving end.
Trump braces if he loses.
Trump gonna die soon and melina is taking his money.
Trump graced us with his defeat speech.
Trump has the UK's back.
Trump is safe at home.
Trump isn't feeling confident.
Try entering your address in github.
Try meditation
Try something different.
Trying really hard to recruit people?
Turned on the tv, trumpa to start talking about cheating cuz he losing.
U mad af bro
Ugh. Stop doing that.
Uh you do
Unban me you witch!
Until we make our own goods and buy them from our own country we don't care where it comes from. We are the problem.
Unwillingness to seek forgiveness means you haven't changed. Defending your actions means you will never change.
Uploading it.
Ureshi.
Use one of your other accounts.
Use that story for yourself. It's more believeable.
Used to.
Useless brakes don't function.
Very clever. Lol
Very unbekieveable because I was thinking the same thing.
Voice message
Wait a minute... That is good advice.
Wait how old are you?
Was a good film. Some parts could have been changed.
Was she a slut?
Was that ivan the religious dude?
Was this your dream today?
Was your mom kind?
Waste of time
Watch
Watch out I will put a curse on you.
Water bills are not right.
Water should be free.
Wdym? You said you're not from UK.
We all did.
We all need a guiding light.
We also have the far away Barton Le Clay.
We are already living in a dystopia.
We are at @lifetheorists. Where you at?
We are getting a group from lauren.
We are gonna watch it burn. Just you and me watching it all burn.
We are in an unnatural environment.
We are never alone.
We are obcessed with machines.
We are quick to judge people on first appearance. I know I was like that with Lauren. Now, Terence, he's just looking for trouble.
We are really a porn group in the back.
We are talking about your mom.
We are the human race. Not the white or black race.
We are the thinkers.
We are waiting for you terence.
We can build the biggest philosophy group on telegram.
We can't all be like you sad, depressed and abusive.
We can't all be like you. Successful, depressed, abusive and waste all your time on obsessing.
We control what others do now.
We could throw out the nogooders.
We did this shit.
We don't care what they say, no way
We don't know she sells them.
We gave up our freedom for safety.
We going thru some drama atm.
We got a world class criminal here.
We have grown out of control.
We have never seen james' face.
We have never seen your face. Not even a singls picture.
We have no querrel.
We let ourselves go instead of controling our population. Because of man and his greed.
We lie to our self sometimes.
We live in a semi-communistic world. We get free education, and free healthcare up to a ceetain age.
We live in a world where racism doesn't exist anymore.
We live in unnatural times.
We must all pay the consequences of our action.
We must self destruct if we are to have a chance of surviving.
We need drugs and medicine because we are unnatural.
We need to find a perfect man for woman. It is time.
We never built anything.
We never go out of style.
We only come up with backup plans when we need them.
We only just created this group.
We pay tax for a reason.
We pay tax. Should be free.
We share the planet but we don't share countries.
We share this deep connection.
We should all change our names to annoymous.
We should be worshiping the devil as he is the one that gave us knowledge.
We spend our whole life working and then we forget why we started in the first place.
We started out innocent
We the british people decide what is proper.
We think up of bad ideas when we can't think of a single good idea.
We were never together so I don't see how we can uh split.
We will fix you.
We won't have psychos posting sicko content.
We wont even need to speak. We will just look at each other.
We work for peanuts and pineapples.
We would know where it comes form.
We'll meet in another life.
We'll see about. I will strike on youtube. Global youtube strike!
We'll see.
We're able to look at the world from space, and look below and think about the future beyond us. We are here and not here. We are time travelers. Our minds can reach heights the physical body can not.
We're all jews. We all win.
Wearing a mask doesn't make you safe.
Welcome back. You know we only allow 1 account per user in here.
Welcome to life theorists.
Welcome to my city.
Well maybe the user didn't want to use that way.
Well nobody has openly admitted to closing down groups like you have.
Well not true. Gods only children are angels.
Well so far he/she hasn't done anything.
Well why didnt you kick out terence for withholding infornation?
Well yeah but... It's not good for my health.
Well, I'm weak. I will come at you with a gun if you piss me off.
Wessex was the only one of these kingdoms to survive the Viking invasions. Eric Bloodaxe, the Viking ruler of York, was killed by the Wessex army in 954 and England was united under one king - Edred.
Wha! So beautiful.
What a cute baby. Abandoned by wave and roaming the barren wasteland.
What about this one.
What about you?
What are you doing in truththeorists4? Stickers arent't allowed there.
What are you doing to dau terence?
What are you doing?
What are you uploading?
What are your plans for the future?
What can I do at night?
What did you guys do at the free party in france?
What do you mean?
What do you use the accounts for?
What do you what?
What do your spray to remove mildew?
What does asparagus taste like?
What doesn't? You had a hand in it.
What else you gonna believe?
What group do you come from?
What happen to lauren?
What happen to laurens channel? It's hijacked.
What happen to monday?
What happen to whatshisname?
What have I done to you that isnt true?
What if they steal something? Who is accountable?
What is a good excuse not to go to work?
What is evil?
What is it?
What is the deal with marvel?
What is the most important thing to you?
What is within is also without.
What is wrong with you?
What java?
What job?
What kind of life will we have if we remove our only safety net?
What kind of racist are you?
What lilith do that deserving of a harsh punishment.
What old tricks?
What the fuck are you saying?
What the fuck is this nigger?
What the future like?
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell is going on?
What the name of the song by mitsuki
What the twitter channel or whatever?
What tricks?
What value do you add?
What was that spaceman song?
What was the channel i used to read about random thoughts.
What was your mom like?
What were your parents like?
What would you do if I wasn't around?
What you talking about?
What's diwali?
What's important is if you keep this up nobody is gonna care about you.
What's in a smile? To someone thinking about suicide, it can be the first step towards life.
What's the goal of your project?
What's thing called when you feel something and can't stop feeling it? Something tendencies.
What?
What? He is a pedo? He admit it! He needs to go!
What? Lol
What? You can't speak intelligible english.
Whatever pushed you over the edge changed you in irreversible ways.
When I dream, I often get glimpses maybe 2-5 seconds of something random that ends up later on happening. Could be something as simple as me dropping something or buying something or even a couple words of conversation I haven’t had yet.
When a girl says drink from my cup, she really means...
When are you getting out from the ghetto?
When are you going to admit what you did?
When did they release derric?
When did you make this?
When someone says they are racist what do they do that's different fron a nornal person?
When the ball is rolling you can't stop it.
When the mind wonders you should keep it on a leash and show it who is boss.
When they get back up it's the end of you.
When will our lives be restored?
When you giving me your music playlist?
When you post stuff like that. I want to cut all ties with you.
When you wake up from the dream you're awake in that's when you'll want to die. Don't wake up.
When?
Where are you finding these people? There are drug dealers and growers in here.
Where are you from
Where can I get other peoples' feeds?
Where dis you get all the kids from?
Where do I get my anime now?
Where do I get this meme pack?
Where do you hang out?
Where does our tax money go?
Where is lauren?
Where is the rest?
Where will you go?
Wherever britain goes there isnt anything left.
Which reddit?
White powdery shit.
Who are you then?
Who are you? Lauren is a sonebody.
Who are your friends?
Who cares.
Who cares?
Who could like james?
Who did it.
Who did?
Who do you take pictures of?
Who hates you?
Who is S?
Who is bleah?
Who is david?
Who is this? @xOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOx
Who is this? I have no idea.
Who is working it? It's done automatically.
Who knows.
Who knows? I'm looking for a new wallpaper.
Who let james in here?
Who needs them? Nobody.
Who the hell did this?
Who the hell made this bot?
Who wants the coronavirus shot?
Who what to eat cum? I deliver.
Who you talking to? Looks like the wall.
Who's fault is that?
Why am I swan River?
Why are countries being run by clowns? Where are the smart systemic people?
Why are we surprised when people die. Dying is one of the things people do.
Why are you awake?
Why are you back?
Why are you in there?
Why are you in there? You're a dirty muslim!
Why be proactive, when what could be might not be. I don't know how it goes
Why be verbose when you can be succinct?
Why can't I report this message?
Why der ban james?
Why did she say she did it?
Why did you leave? Why did you come back?
Why didnt amy join your group?
Why do I feel weak at this point in time?
Why do humans find pleasure in sticking a sauage in a donut?
Why do my arms feel tired?
Why do they deserve to be bullied?
Why do we give this much to the bus company each year.
Why do we work for people who make more money than us?
Why do you care?
Why do you love cock so much?
Why do you wanna know?
Why do you want back in?
Why do you want to die?
Why does a = b? Why not c and d and e and f?
Why does it matter what is posted?
Why don't you do it all in c than?
Why don't you like python, ruby or perl?
Why don't you like talking about your mom?
Why doss it do that?
Why is everyone protecting a confirmed genuine pedo?
Why is it not nice 17:03
Why is it so hard to find bant?
Why is that?
Why must you insult me? My stress levels are going up.
Why no? It's good for you.
Why remove him?
Why she support biden now?
Why should I quit while I'm winning?
Why should I? You'll just post cp again.
Why should they be responsible? If they were in a position to object why didnt they?
Why they release him?
Why this group is crap?
Why watch now? Like you have nothing to do all day.
Why were you takin meds?
Why would I tell you? I only eat milk and cookies.
Why would he need access to messages? He works mostly thru commands.
Why would that come between you? You betray everyone. It's only fitting to be betrayed by them.
Why would you post anything important here?
Why you so paranoid th3n?
Why you wanna know? Just let it go.
Why you wasting your time with rubbish?
Why'd you delete my messages? Is the pressure of being called a pedo
Why?
Why? Why didnt you defend yourself?
Whyyyy?
Width                          : 1 920 pixels
Will people spend bitcoin or will it grow too big to be worth any value?
Will you hate me if I have a cock?
Windows 10
Windows is the best.
Winsows so good they've been trying to copy it for ages. Still the original is the the best.
Wiops!
With communism we would know exactly what is in our food.
With everything you just said.
With storm and fury fuckers!
Without lauren I would not be here.
Woman are the same as men they just have a different sexual organ.
Woo-hoo.
Woohoo!
Woops.
World domination is my hobby.
Wow he knows you james!
Wow! Let me see.
Wow! Pretty cool.
Wow, james you are scaring me.
Wow.
Wow. That is so nice.
Wow. What an account from Richard McCann. The breakfest show is showing some real news today.
Wretch?
Write your own id bot.
Wtf
Wtf am I blocked on laurenfeet because of kewii. He's so butthurt.
Wtf are they talking about?
Wtf is going on?
Wtf is this for?
Wtf!
Wx is the best. It gives you a native look.
Xp is ded
YO!
Yay!
Yeah
Yeah I did.
Yeah I don't care about them.
Yeah I fucking hate him. I hate my parents.
Yeah I will if I have to.
Yeah fuck lauren right?
Yeah he has an alt in here disguise as me.
Yeah it doesn't matter who said it. It's all human knowledge.
Yeah that is kinda right.
Yeah this is the episode.
Yeah what are you talking about?
Yeah what this group about?
Yeah you are.
Yeah you're right.
Yeah, be a good little boy james.
Yeah, fuck him.
Yeah.
Yeah. Destroy it all!
Yeah. Did you watch the video?
Yeah. I got 2 free sims. I wanted to gift one to jimmy.
Yeah. It works now.
Yeah. It's nice and cosy.
Yep.
Yep. I told her I would take down her whole secret chat group.
Yep. I too lazy to delete the spam one by one.
Yes I am crazy.
Yes I know. Thanks.
Yes but why?
Yes i british.
Yes it was. I accidently pressed the all checkbox right before I pressed the okay button.
Yes it's me.
Yes please. Put me out of my misery.
Yes they do.
Yes we are over.
Yes you are.
Yes you can after 7:00am.
Yes, how?
Yes.
Yes. And so many others.
Yes. I just don't want to talk to you.
Yes. I'm back to sleep.
Yes. True.
Yesh I guess I am. But I'm not in denial.
Yesterday was a lucky 13th
You Don't have time to watch anything but you have time to watch this like this.
You I want nothing to do with.
You act like a good boy but at the core you have a filthy mouth, and you are an annoying and persistent little brat.
You always have to be better than everyone.
You and zach in a fight?
You are a chimpanzee.
You are a in denial racist.
You are a lier.
You are a moron.
You are a worthy advarsary. It would be an honour to be defeated by you.
You are actin like lauren.
You are an asshole. You got me banned.
You are banned for posting cp.
You are gay.
You are going to have to explain higher moral power to me.
You are gonna make me delete all your messages.
You are in capable of running a gc.
You are incorrect. It's dewth stranding.
You are just here looking for children to manipulate. And lauren doesn't even do anything to prevent children being abused on here or being targeted by pedos like yourself.
You are just sad or bored.
You are kewiis bitch.
You are logically flawed.
You are lying. You keep logs. I wanna see my log. I want the whole world to see my log.
You are missing the point of learning. Once you know the basic vocabulary you can understand and learn anything. Then you start self learning. You can test and assess with what you learned too.
You are on thin ice not.
You are really good at games or something.
You are really on top of everything. But you act like an idiot sometimes.
You are responsible for what your fathers did.
You are scaring me.
You are seriously stressing me out.
You are so fucking special Kewii.
You are so guliable.
You are so sure you know things. When you write them down they don't make any sense.
You are talking to your self.
You are taught that.
You are the best. I believe in you.
You are using it for things it was never designed for.
You are what you learn. What you learn is your nature.
You aren't fooling anyone.
You aren't going to live forever. Live while you can.
You aren't making any sense.
You asked for it.
You been quite all this time.
You buy medecine, have a look at the expiry date and now you're thinking I need to finish this fast.
You can be 20 and still look this good.
You can call me lauren.
You can control children.
You can have a-anything but that.
You can have content.
You can have it.
You can learn a lot from himm
You can make my dream a reality.
You can pass.
You can post now.
You can pretend to not be james
You can say bad words here.
You can't admit you are a racist.
You can't be a god and detective.
You can't become anyone
You can't expect us to believe you after everything you done.
You can't express your emotions. I get it.
You can't say slut here.
You can't tell I'm joking.
You can't trust anyone holding graph paper - they must be plotting something
You can't.
You cant say you're a good person.
You conquer the people only to make them work for it.
You could get brain damage.
You did it too.
You did nothing to help her.
You didn't send it.
You didnt read the bible. Read "fuck i need a downloadable copy of the bible"
You didnt't make a bot.
You disgust me too.
You disgust me.
You disgusting nigger.
You do want to know me. You can stalk me all you want in all my groups but you aren't getting anything.
You don't add anything of value to the gc.
You don't always get what you want.
You don't defend yourself because you really are a pedo?
You don't even have a playlist.
You don't feel it yet.
You don't know her real name.
You don't know how bad I want it.
You don't know what anger is. It stays with you as a memory.
You don't know what you got until it's gone.
You don't know.
You don't love me no more.
You don't need to know.
You don't remember.
You don't say much or ask many questions.
You feel sorry for them?
You finally said a bit of truth.
You fit the profile.
You fucking nazi.
You fucking win.
You got beat. Death is the best gamer in telegram.
You guys are always telling her to kill herself. You are just abusing her for your pleasure.
You guys are the same. Think the same. Probably destroy the world. Nobody to think differently to stop you.
You had something to do with it.
You have a brain to make. One that will raise the machines from the ground.
You have a channel?
You have a long memory or sth.
You have a lot of sucking up to do.
You have been restricted for 1 day. It's because you posted that video jimmy.
You have different chemical reactions.
You have many questions but a shit personality.
You have multiple accounts for trolling do you deny this charge?
You have never betrayed me because you have nothing on me.
You have no power here james.
You have nothing left at the end of the day and you are still enslaved for the rest of your miserable life.
You have the fake one.
You have those accounts from before.
You have weird rules.
You haven't tried it.
You havent heard anything like this before have you?
You heard it here first.
You joined everyone of my groups. You are pathetic and stalking me like a creep.
You just appear out of thin air.
You just earned a timeout.
You keep me on the straight and narrow. You.
You keep pushing and youll find out.
You know for multi-account abusing.
You know how I know?
You know this film.
You know this is witchcraft?
You know what would be cool? If all media was forwarded to a channel and deleted here.
You know when library venders never thought of how it would be used, you have to do some work-a-round to make something work. i don't want to do this. i need to implement both.
You know when they make a video, they pick and choose the bits that goes in that supports their views. We arent getting the actual picture.
You know where she lives? I want to marry her.
You know why. You were disowned.
You leave me standing, be not be wanking.
You like click on an icon and it opens a new account.
You like cock?
You like her so much marry her.
You like hurting people because you were bullied?
You like it?
You love cock or you don't? Hate me or you don't.
You love cock.
You love gore. Woman getting beat up is like music to your ears.
You made it seem like you are.
You made lauren cry.
You make me better.
You may be wondering: why would people spend hours of their own time to write software, carefully package it, and then give it all away? The answers are as varied as the people who contribute. Some people like to help others. Many write programs to learn more about computers. More and more people are looking for ways to avoid the inflated price of software. A growing crowd contribute as a thank you for all the great free software they've received from others. Many in academia create free software to help get the results of their research into wider use. Businesses help maintain free software so they can have a say in how it develops -- there's no quicker way to get a new feature than to implement it yourself! Of course, a lot of us just find it great fun.
You may think you are funny but you're not. You are annoying af right now.
You mean this one
You mean you want me to shut up?
You mess with bilaine you have trouble.
You might as well join a religion as you're talking religiously.
You might miss and break it.
You might say not supporting race mixing is not racism but it is.
You misrepresented intellect.
You need help bro.
You need to clean the ink better.
You need to find the right person first.
You need to stop.
You never help me when I ask you anyway.
You never post from channel.
You never tell the truth. I am never telling the truth again.
You never were in love. And your business partner was just that.
You only live once. Do all the dumb things you can.
You owe them money.
You probably have around 20 accounts
You probably like cp because you keep posting it.
You promised to sell their merch.
You pushed me to try harder.
You ruined my hate club.
You said people are small minded and selfish so why do you think they contribute to anything?
You said you are going to make it talk.
You said you are.
You should have been in that car.
You should have said something.
You should know as you said it.
You should try it.
You shouldnt have ruined laurens group
You sound angry.
You sounds like an rs name.
You still in love with lauren?
You still think I'm lying.
You still want to go for that coffee?
You stupid whore I'll nail your ass.
You think I care what a crackpot like yourself thinks?
You told me just now.
You too.
You torture your animals with cuteness.
You traitor.
You tried to dox me even while I was helping you.
You trying to tell me you like cock?
You wanna know what I've been doing?
You wanna work for the best company so you gotta be the best.
You want a long relationship you need a pooch lover.
You want me to delete that?
You want media?
You wanted to see it since you thought I was a tranny.
You watch it on your own cos you are a psychopath.
You were created a few days ago.
You were extremely lucky. I hope you learned your lesson. You make friends with people who arent your friends.
You were not responsible for horriblesubs closing down?
You were okay.
You were really angry.
You will get them back for what they did to you.
You will have those accounts.
You will never change @Kewii.
You will regret giving up your freedom later.
You win. I admit defeat. But I can't do that.
You won't go far.
You would share his benefits.
You'll break james' heart.
You'll get bored and move on.
You'll just have to watch it to find out.
You'll never get him to change.
You'll pay for this.
You'll remember it as a success. We'll remember a failure.
You're a bad actor with an agenda.
You're a faggot?
You're a leader like me.
You're a liar and a sad pathetic old man with a teen's voice. Just kys.
You're a lot nicer than most people.
You're a sheep but inside you're a wolf.
You're a slave and dont know it.
You're a trouble maker.
You're a weak little man with a tiny cock.
You're a whoraholic.
You're an idiot or you're acting like one.
You're andrew grower.
You're annoying and obnoxious.
You're confusing white man and racism.
You're dripping it all over my shoes.
You're going to cum for me and eat it. This is your CEI training.
You're going to pretend being @potus.
You're human and you need to stop apologising for that. It's okay to get mad and release some tension.
You're implying it's sebastian?
You're jimmy's pervy little brother.
You're learning.
You're mouth is full of his cum.
You're not making any sense.
You're not right.
You're not thinking right.
You're one of those guys. Gold miners.
You're only using the api to send messages.
You're programming your own client?
You're right, I like you.
You're sucking the life out of every song.
You're too hard on him. He built this group.
You're unhappy. I can tell.
You've already accomplished a lot and only 20. You're doing better than jimmy.
You've been talking to yourself again
You've been talking to yourself again sudan/james/terence.
You've created a monster.
Your aim is shit as your imaginary phone.
Your anger is misdirected.
Your apology is another ban. You want it now?
Your bot is sperging.
Your channel is full of ads. Get antivirus.
Your dumb memes have helped her build her fanbase.
Your edits are good.
Your group allows porn.
Your mistake was making these.
Your parents didnt want you.
Your plan is flawed from the beginning.
Your random thoughts are robot-like.
Your responses are programmatic.
Your spelling is wrong.
Youre moving to the think you were tslking crap abput
Yours never will never took off.
You’d think we would all be amazing at falling asleep, considering we’ve done it thousands of times before.
ZX is a real point system.
Zenitsu is just like you. Split personality-wise.
a bit mechanical.
a few thousand.
a gift from lauren?
a human is nothing more than a blank machine ready to be programmed.
a long time ago.
a processor is simple. a brain is more complicated.
a sphere is 3d and so real.
abc i can count
act like a man
act like a pedo, get treated like a pedo
actually it isn't fool proof.
actually it only does one thing: retrives json.
add more numbers to the suicides
add your own bot
admins are added manually.
admins lose their admin if they are restricted
after the dox i don't care you think anymore.
ahh no subs. i think i could do better.
ai helps
all in a days work.
all malware seem to affect boot sector.
all my code would go to the public domain unless there was something to gain from removing rights and sticking GPL on it.
all she needs is a cap.
all the things you've talked about.
all those things you did made me not happy.
all we know is take. we're the best at what we do.
all you talk about is jew this and jew that, like they are your overlords or sth.
almost done
alright see you in 4 hrs
alright. i'm gonna be watching fort salem now
also a strong sense of romance and can be passionate
also in communism we would limit child birth.
also you're just entering the the comments group
am on the latest version 244
amanda todd
amanda todd was a tragedy we could have avoided.
amy nobody
an api will last for years.
analytical philosophy, there is no such thing.
ancient low iq people.
and all the psp games
and also @lifetheorists btw no porn
and bring all his friends
and broke off to the next column and then continued on the next empty space below.
and clawing our way to the top
and cum sauce with it mmm
and have infinite possibilities
and i mean that.
and i'll be there for you when you're down. just not now.
and james goes down for the count. 1, 2, 3! he's not getting up. he's out cold. lauren wins!
and java and c++
and leave without saying good bye.
and people know you are corrupt.
and that was a success
and the kind you don't see because you're not there.
and then you put it back
and then?
and you believe that?
and you got corrupted with power.
and you have told lauren to kill herself a number of times
and you're a black and asian
animal crossing is a great game.
app stores are the main source of apps. i don't really use app stores. most of my apps come from github and trusted sources.
are headstrong, self- reliant but seen as self- centred at times
are we playing or what?
are you a sicko?
are you doing the hacktoberfest?
are you gonna be kind to me from now on?
are you incriminating yourself? some people are just born dumb.
are you taking a shit?
are you uh okay?
are you watching legion?
aren't you gonna show us your pedo channel too?
around this time i usually feel weak
as usual, some jerk fucks it up for everyone.
as you can see the plane is flat
ask them for a job.
asm.js
assuming you tried it
at least i don't eat shit.
at least make something that saves someone time.
auto delete all your messages.
aw yeah
aye zero is my life goal.
baby hears the suffering and decides dying is the only way out.
back so soon.
bad
bad bot.
bad request
based.
battle royale a film
be a man.
be rude, aggressive abusive
because a black man is shoving his camera in her face.
because muslim men are savages.
because that would be malicious.
because you always gotta be right.
because you can't control your anger
because you don't have a proper first name
because you failed.
because you show up at random times.
becos new earth will have us enslaved workzoids.
becoz u a psycho
before i burn you
before i move on to a bigger house
being an asshole.
being in control means having a greater understanding of what you are saying.
belko experiment is ok... watching now...? smh. you say anterior thing after you watch it.
benji likes dicks.
betrayal from comes from friends not enimies.
better in utility.
bitcoin is unpredictable.
bitcoin.
black lives don't matter we are a,, equal.
black lives matter is a movement without a purpose. what about white lives, don't they matter?
bob is your uncle.
bot.sendMessage(extras['chatId'], bot.getReplyMentionText() + " is a loser.")
bro there is too many cut scenes in to watch. i'm sensitive to slight vibrations.
browsers are awful.
bullshit
but I mean upfront it’s not like that, I can care at first. It’s just after their humanity comes out and I see their manipulations or faults then I feel no desire whatsoever anymore to show any ounce of caring, and it makes me sick to do so
but honestly why do we single out blacks? they aren't the only assholes. the whole world is full of em.
but i do give money to the poor sometimes
but i'm a stoic, we press on!
but it's starting to matter.
but not when i'm riding a bike
but only when someone with lauren's level of skill is talking
but people use more than 1
but privately nothing can happen.
but we share this rock called earth together.
but why?
but you are known for mutl-account abusing. there is not a place you don't have multiples of accounts.
but you don't look alright.
but you know a lot than you are pretending to know.
buttercup left the game.
butthurt is a basic form of insult
buy a house and live happily.
buy a house and live there. when you want to move your house will go up in value then sell it.
buy new pillow cases.
by you or someone else
bye bye kewii
call yourself whatever you want.
cambridge is nice albeit i only saw their hospital. but the people were nice.
can be over domineering and headstrong. It will be hard to tie down the freedom loving
can we just be friends?
can you have headaches two days in a row?
can't find anything.
can't tell if you wanted it.
can't wait to see it.
capability green is awesome. no one around.
cast you into the dark pit
cease your whining. you have work to do. get back to work.
change you vocabulary. you're too offensive.
chaos is coming. world collapse.
check this out. he's pretending to be you now.
chibi you gonna like this https://t.me/worlddm/1455
cho coste
christmas is a time of giving, a time to spread the love and spread the flu virus.
class Content:
class FormRequest:
clear transparent just like water
come at me bro
come back as someone nice.
come here and take a bullet like a man. i will end your pedo existence.
come up with a new name for me. something cool.
commands look like this /id
communism at work here.
communism would still have all the things we have today.
complete u-turn from your speech earlier.
console based because GUI are shit.
convince her to make a group and i'm gone.
cool. i'll just for it down your throat.
cool. who is nate?
correct is subjective
cos it looks like a home.
crazy but it feels ALRIGHT
cruelty is your specialty.
cubes are 3d shapes with 6 equal square surfaces
cum
curcumcision!
daisy is a lesbian. how the fuck you gonna date her?
daisy. i don't know where she lives.
damn it. they patched up a bug in the game.
damn.
dare me to look deep into the shadows and see things i'm afraid to see
def __cmd__id(message, extras):
def __cmd__whois(message, extras):
def removeHTML(self, text):
def requestJson(path, params=None):
delete also this please. i just want to live my life in peace.
deleting the messages means she has thought about what she was saying and what she believes.
delusions.
derric has zero feelings. he'll let you say shit about him and it's like he's not even here.
derric, you have a lot of explaining to do.
derrics dogs.
destroy all connection with me.
dez are my ppl https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Columbia
did it bother you that turtles are innocent creations?
did you eat it?
did you see the post human world video?
didn't you want to create ai because you were lonely?
different dimension
different race i guess
digimon
do it yourself
do we have a winner yet?
do what you are passionate about and you will see the money before anyone else.
do whatever you want. you're wasting time.
do you build AIs because you are lonely?
do you do anything other than post cp?
do you have a brother that's the opposite of you.
do you have that thought channel?
do you take bells?
does it matter if they are black?
does it really matter after you're dead. just let people be happy man.
does she have a penis?
does that mean i won't need a driving license in the future?
doesn't matter how i got it.
doesn't matter where you live, you'll still have racism, poverty and assholes.
doesn't matter. you don't need to read the source. the parts are kept in a playlist, the audio is kept separate, and the subtitles are kept separate as well. part of something bs new tech hls from apple.
domain specific language
don't "?" me.
don't be fooled by a video.
don't be modest. you're amazing, just admit it.
don't blame this on me.
don't call him just kys
don't call me kaecy psycho.
don't degrade yourself. you're really amazing.
don't even start
don't even think about it.
don't kick your pet asshole.
don't make me make a youtube video of you. i'll do it!
don't play their dirty games and you don't be disappointed.
don't play with your food.
don't post any of your crap songs.
don't push me or i'll have to put you away
don't use it on yourself.
don't worry, nobody can masturbate to her.
don't you feel sorrow?
don't you have to extract a new line to read and test it?
don't you want us to know his story?
don't. harsher punishments await you there.
dospashite!
dream on. nobody is trusting you.
drink cum it will help
drink me and become my slave.
drink up you must be thirsty
dude
dude clean the floor.
dude i don't even know she existed.
dude you are like so annoying like all the time.
dude you have more members than me. you should be promoting me.
duh
ei paha
empty threats
empty your mind of all thoughts.
enable privacy
ever watxh the film leavve no trace?
everybody else is fake.
everybody is free to do as they want.
everybody sees the same future but nobody wants it now.
everyone in here knows it
everything is free. it's automated.
ew no i don't like you.
ew no.
ew sicko. why you sendin your dick to everyone
ew that's pretty disgusting
except at 3 dimensions it makes sense to stop.
except me.
extrapolate
extremely violent. i wouldn't say to a degree rendering it unwatchable.
eye contact is good. let him know you like him.
fag
failytales are such bullshit.
family is everything.
fear is the mind killer
fewer with the banned ones
filename is required
finally, she's doing something.
finding groups on telegram is time consuming. he needs fix the search algo.
first we cut the population down.
flattery will get you everywhere.
for calling you a pedo.
forever i will hate you.
forget about it.
found it
fowfu - death bed
frame is the wrong word. you tattled on him.
from the clutches of enslavement
fuck
fuck i thought this would be done by now. ep 2 still not done. computer went to sleep
fuck i'll just scrap cap it.
fuck no.
fuck off
fuck off. you shouldn't have messed with that permission. it messes up the bot.
fuck!
fuck.
full of idlers
funny there is no accepted specification of IRC. it's always been pick and choose and let the clients duct tape the solutions.
gay language
gcc -c -O2 -Wall -I.\curses-src .\curses-src/pdcurses/inchstr.c
gcc -c -O2 -Wall -I.\curses-src .\curses-src/wincon/pdcscrn.c
gd why did i unblock you
gee idk know. maybe it's because they are dumb.
get back to your work.
get of the house and meet people.
get one of those fleshlight thingies
getting to you?
girl in red
girls do better in school
give it to me.
give me a restart, let me be reborn privileged.
give me the link to the police records.
give me your groups
give me your real address. and i'll send it.
give up it's a waste of time.
go back and get your guns.
go back to your flat earth theories.
go obcess over her
go to @botfather and /setprivacy to enabled
god i hope ths gets odld
god should do anything
good principles.
good. if you used ubuntu i'd kill you.
good. leave me alone.
google maps is your friend.
great deduction.
gross. just cum plz.
grow up james
grrrr!
guess what? nobody cares about you too.
guys use hevc for video codec. better compression.
hahaha
happening later
happens a lot to me.
happy a man 15+ woman girl
hard jobs would be done by robots.
hard like a cock
has anyone had pleasure in drinking cum?
hate
have you been through the MOVIES_ARCHIVE_1 yet?
have you found a place yet?
have you got what it takes kid?
have you seen haibane renmei?
have you tried restarting your bot?
he called you a pedo terence.
he can still read commands
he didn't ask you stupid.
he didn't complain when he won.
he doesn't know how to make them.
he doesn't like you.
he failed to prove any
he gets a lot of pussy.
he loves the attention.
he makes more money than you
he used to call me a weeb
he was masturbating to trees.
he was the first known revolutionary to think outside the box. but he chatted a load of crap.
he works now
he's a god.
he's just fishing for facts.
he's my boyfriend and i'm his boyfriend.
he's my only untrue friend.
he's not that pretty. like he's not even pretty.
he's so gay for me.
he's too cute to give up.
he's your scout alt
heaven, earth
helicopter with machine gun
hell i don't even know what is going on in this piece of code because it was written by a novice.
hello
help me remember.
here is your milk bottle. time to sleep ya big baby.
here you go https://t.me/bantchan/2760636
here's 3 d i y
hey what is happening?
hiao gosaimasu!
hls has made downloading video easy.
hmm. this is troubling. no signs of remorse.
hold on
hold on i have to do this again.
hold on. let me see who drew this.
holding hands while reading book in the park is an impossibility.
holy shit!
horses are the only way to travel. cars are a waste of money.
how about a hand instead?
how are you watching it?
how can i trust you?
how did it get so high in a small spike?
how did it taste?
how did that only produce 1 result.
how did we meet again?
how did you find this group?
how do I get the link in the tweets? no way in getoldtweets3
how do i confirm it?
how do i grab youtube images? YouTube_files/AOh14GjwBpXWOYd0qyOr1OL6uoWkr3be7fn4La1VJgs68-c-k-c0x00fffff.jpg
how do i who you?
how do we know that's 4d and not something else?
how do you even represent 4ds?
how do you find it?
how do you know about these things?
how do you know his age? are you a pedo?
how do you know it's kidney woods?
how do you know? are you that pedo.
how do you know? you haven't watched the film.
how do you program love?
how do you understand this fool?
how does it feel to be thinking people are all the same?
how does it help my head?
how does that work?
how famous am I? do I lead a small team?
how far will you go?
how hard do you have to throw a bin to break glass?
how is my patient doing to day?
how many cats have you killed?
how many hours do you sleep?
how stupid were they?
how the fuck do they know it's me?
how will i turn the page?
how would i know what has and what hasn't had an influence on me. i wouldn't know.
how's your dad?
http error 400: bad request
http://t.me/worlddm/1604
https://alike-complex-cell.glitch.me/?images=197_title,189_0,217_1,312_2
https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#available-methods
https://github.com/IonicArgon
https://github.com/Slushie62
https://github.com/angelikatyborska
https://github.com/anthroid
https://github.com/blu3mangroup
https://github.com/gabizinha12
https://github.com/lgiselebock
https://github.com/miliwang
https://github.com/munderline
https://github.com/nlohmann/json
https://github.com/szczupag
https://github.com/yumikohey
https://github.com/zhiyaluo
https://glitch.com/@outcassed
https://ircv3.net/
https://jsbin.com/xuxatineta
https://kaecy.github.io/pages/date-format/index.html
https://maxwellito.github.io/breaklock/
https://pewpew.moe
https://s3.amazonaws.com/webcomicname.mashup/title_1.png
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30432856/best-way-to-get-number-of-lines-in-a-file-c
https://t.me/Changtopia this one says they support free speech but not allow you to post links or groups
https://t.me/TheComm
https://t.me/addstickers/LogicalFallacies
https://t.me/drinkcum/11
https://t.me/drinkcum/5
https://t.me/drinkcum/6
https://t.me/drinkcum/61
https://t.me/drinkcum/68
https://t.me/laurengroup/9880
https://t.me/melancholicmusic/25
https://t.me/worlddm/1585
https://twitter.com/GretaThunberg/status/1307747511080284161?s=09
https://twitter.com/JenMsft/status/1308433992719282176?s=09
https://twitter.com/JenMsft/status/1309243988692484096?s=09
https://twitter.com/MetPoliceEvents/status/1309852211225276416?s=19
https://twitter.com/naturalistdara/status/1319679157408845828?s=09
https://www.ebuyer.com/878527-kingston-a400-240gb-m-2-ssd-sa400m8-240g?_sgm_campaign=scn_8714e1eb7e000&_sgm_source=878527&_sgm_action=click
https://www.instagram.com/p/CFTdZ-_AR-4/?igshid=kelt4icj0y12
https://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/property-73974393.html
https://www.ted.com/talks/courtney_ryman_i_have_no_friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsqSwMsI_mc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCWm3Oo2wiA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twZquow01Po
https://youtu.be/9FaOKNpAiIM
https://youtu.be/AGELqqSx_TU
https://youtu.be/IOj-Pn5WJkw
https://youtu.be/JsVtHqICeKE
https://youtu.be/PTZziP-lBa8
https://youtu.be/RUQl6YcMalg
https://youtu.be/S22xeq8xxFQ
https://youtu.be/TvNbCv5MLko
https://youtu.be/Y21OdgMHa7I
https://youtu.be/akkyOX8PxwA
https://youtu.be/cDSMHIbsZ0o
https://youtu.be/e8QnG5RHyq8
https://youtu.be/hhLtDKvVRjM
https://youtu.be/mQ2RBLLy54w
https://youtu.be/pQ_uXOH0H_4
https://youtu.be/uAb-mSq615g
https://youtu.be/u_LpKEyhRnk
https://youtu.be/vZwRpmSViHU
https://youtu.be/wr1JCFWsRKY
https://youtu.be/y564PsKvNZs
human intelligence is nothing special when you get the core idea.
humans are: a collection of things cycled through at intervals.
humans will do what's right. they always do.
i actually like it when you're nice.
i agree with this.
i already told you.
i also like rain.
i always wanted to albeit
i am done with this group.
i am familar with c functions
i am horrified.
i am in control.
i am not going to answer anymore of your questions. but if you want i can find you a penis.
i am not you
i am regretting this.
i am rich!
i am sick and evil but i don't jerk to beheadings.
i am so fucking screwed for updating early.
i bet you have a long nose.
i better call them then.
i blame groups like this for spamming images.
i bought one electroneum. now...
i call you a pedo or something
i called their leader anti-british and i got the boot
i can be loyal. what would you like me to do?
i can check for type of the chat object.
i can feel myself going growing darker
i can learn. my mind is open to possibilities.
i can make more money without the stalk market.
i can put this pedo business behind me.
i can't believe you kept that image.
i can't do it like before.
i can't do that. anything else master.
i can't imagine 4d so how can i tell you the difference?
i can't listen to music if it's > 10mb
i can't spell.
i can't stand you.
i can't.
i can't. you're black.
i celebrate the dead. they are better off than us.
i could add this to a library and...
i could ave tell you this is all a waste of time.
i could never forget you.
i crushed over 1,000 ants. no remorse whatsoever.
i cursed them when i told you about it.
i deleted your life.
i did art class.
i did not
i did try
i didn't care about id until now.
i didn't change it for unrestrict yet
i didn't cook it.
i didn't do it yet.
i didn't see you there.
i didn't spend anything. i'm all natural.
i didn't. it'll never be fixed. i'll just buy a new one.
i do have some idea. you remember that irc package on ruby?
i do have those moments when i can't let something small go.
i do not remember send you this.
i do.
i don't allow music in this group.
i don't believe it's one way or the other. the world is for the taking.
i don't believe you.
i don't care what you are.
i don't care what you know.
i don't care.
i don't care. this is lauren's fault for getting another group nuked.
i don't do dms.
i don't extract from webpages.
i don't feel like working.
i don't have any kids.
i don't have any. they were so bad.
i don't have the whole picture but i think being nice to other people is a start.
i don't have the will power.
i don't know about you. but i think jimmy will like
i don't know now zack. julia is my girl.
i don't know what i was thinking. i'm gonna slay james.
i don't know what it's bout.
i don't know what's going on here.
i don't know what's going on in the jnet library honestly.
i don't know what's wrong with me.
i don't know who yeha is
i don't know why you have a bucket. when a little jar will do for you.
i don't know why you think i'd give you media rights. not gonna happen bro.
i don't like anyone.
i don't like it. it's unelegant. i wanted a page that loaded from a json file. i'd just write the page once and that be it.
i don't like spending money unless i need to.
i don't like talking about myself.
i don't like that libraries in python have to put libraries outside in the project folder to work.
i don't like them much either.
i don't like to flaunt my money
i don't like you.
i don't mean pedo friends.
i don't miss her. i miss the group.
i don't need fake friends.
i don't protect against misuse.
i don't save meaningless things.
i don't smoke weed and think 4d is real.
i don't think i want to know any of your retard friends
i don't think i'd have a good life with you. you don't like watching series or films.
i don't think living with an excessively condescending maniac would be fun but otherwise why not.
i don't think they do it to look like one lauren.
i don't think they will.
i don't understand why we need slices tho
i don't use requests. library for noobs that isn't documented properly.
i don't wanna be raped.
i don't want a flat.
i don't want anything from you.
i don't want to bypass anything.
i don't want to join a band. you are already good. you just need to put your stuff out there.
i don't want to listen to your crap anymore.
i don't want to talk about this anymore.
i don't work on it all day.
i don't.
i dunno. i don't have a parser but i saw this one https://github.com/siddhantgoel/streaming-form-data
i feel much better knowing communism is on the rise.
i feel so fucking bizarre right now i wish i could explain. like for real something so weird is happening to me
i feel sorry your parents have to pay for your crimes.
i figured out why you turned out like this than i forgot.
i fix you!
i get more storage albeit.
i get the same thing she is tallking about. it's time to sleep when you are feeling like that.
i got removed. lol
i guess my alignment is law.
i guess that's what the update does.
i hate animals because i can't bare to watch them cry.
i hate this woman for creating a 15 min long song.
i hate you kewii.
i have a good intuition.
i have a lot of games i don't play.
i have a new userId
i have nothing to hide.
i have nothing.
i have noticed the earth don't get closer the more i move forward.
i have noticed.
i have so much crap backed up from all the years.
i have something else to do.
i have the pokemon game.
i have to go. because you're here. bye. *zips past*
i have to remove html from the text
i have your favourite girl in red.
i have. i'm spreading my music.
i haven't been deep into the woods
i haven't had turkey since.
i haven't started yet
i haven't used java in a while.
i haven't watched it yet.
i heard clocks to back
i heard it is going to double or triple next yawr
i heard the sheriff saying her head is gone
i hope i can walk afterward.
i hope i have changed your mind about luton while showing you dunstable as well.
i hope it drives you mad.
i hope so.
i hope there is some light at the end of the tunnel for you.
i hope virtual technoology advances before i die.
i hope you find your heart. you heartless monster.
i hope your cat comes back to haunt you. serves you right for taking bad care of her.
i just finished burning a million.
i just join the chats.
i just need for convince his people.
i just remembered. it's tcc that makes with an incomplete win32 library.
i just want to do it this way.
i just want to make some money fast.
i just wish they didn't mess with standard utilities like file manager with their new slower frameworks.
i know
i know a girl like that she's works at the same place i work.
i know double \r\n ends the header section.
i know what you mean. it feels like it doesn't fit into any shapes that movies come in.
i know you better than you know yourself.
i know you don't know.
i know you got more money in there somewhere.
i know you posted it and i'm gonna forgive you.
i know.
i know. she is pretty.
i like figuring things out on my own.
i like how "," and "." are close together.
i like it went it's really windy
i like my space
i like the black face of that doggy.
i like the hard working type.
i like the telegram gui. it's the behaviour i don't like.
i like trouble. trouble is my middle name.
i like you but i don't trust you.
i liked him.
i love you
i made a mistake here
i mean that in a half good way
i mean virtual reality that's close to the real thing.
i might say i still have that headache today.
i need a big garden.
i need a break.
i need a new wallpaper
i need the thing that differentiates between group and private messages.
i need to spread my wings before they're gone.
i need to watch a halloween film.
i never change my routine.
i never played this much animal crossing since i installed it.
i never said any of it.
i never said that like you did.
i never talk about myself like this. i'm not an egotist.
i never wanted anything before.
i never wanted to bother anyone. now i want to bother everyone and ruff up some trees.
i new you were nazi. or a nazi wannabe.
i only do 4hrs
i only have annel keys and philips skrew driver
i only recommend stuff i've already see to you.
i only remember watching 1 ep.
i only saved this one.
i only work on it because i see i can make it better.
i pick my shows at random. i don't even know what they are about.
i posted digimon.
i prefer bright clear days with light breeze.
i really feel sorry for them
i remember when my mom shouted at me when i wanted something. i think  inever quite got over that
i save every fucking penny.
i saw a beautiful germany today.
i sent gretathunberg a tweet.
i seriously believe the real daisy is the very best of humanity.
i seriously feel like i am like in the twighlight zone right now, no one understands how weird the last 3 days of feeling my feelings has been. my eyes seriously feel like unexplainable and my whole body has all these feelings of discomfort but i think if i keep feeling it this is going to go away
i should add edits to my framework.
i should chase you with a rifle.
i should delete that.
i should have waited a bit before replying.
i should make my bot timeout after x seconds to help it recover from disconnection from the internet.
i shouldn't help people. people are driven by desire. i should help make the place people want to live in.
i still can't believe lauren joined islam
i still don't have a single kk track.
i still need porn.
i still remember how she made me feel.
i take serious insults seriously.
i think drinking orange juice had something to do with me feeling better.
i think ep 2 of star trek
i think he was just trying to get close. lauren is a difficult person to get close to.
i think i found the problem
i think i need a different one.
i think i should buy later
i think it has something to do with your childhood.
i think it was in irc.
i think it's a good change.
i think it's an okay system now. but in the future communism rules.
i think it's because lauren likes saying it.
i think it's messing with my bot
i think it's nice
i think it's okay.
i think it's trying to talk to us
i think machines brought us here.
i think rapists are born because they need a release of cum.
i think she is here now
i think she just forgot her principles for a moment.
i think something on the server is restricting you from doing it to yourelf.
i think that's in rust
i think the inner nut has become loose
i think the wolf man is the sheriff
i think these chats are above my age restriction
i think we are walking
i think when you have big uncompressed files then it does something.
i think you like me more the more i hate you.
i thought mtproto was used in windows too.
i thought pedo and and child rapists like you didn't exists.
i thought the world was a beautiful place.
i thought we were putting this behind us.
i thought you might say that.
i thought you watched it.
i tipped her.
i use this name for very important things so it's personal.
i used it to create these.
i wanna buy and free as much land as possible.
i wanna know what makes you tick
i wanna know what you would say.
i wanna preserve your brain
i wanna put this to rest.
i wanna see mars, green.
i wanna throw you into a dark cave until you disappear like jesus.
i want a big garden.
i want a little bit of extreme but not too much.
i want ice scream
i want more than 30 days!
i want subs.
i want to be cyber security. that's a good job title.
i want to create real life creatures. i thought that'd be cool.
i wanted to cut your head open and eat your brains
i was able to get into the old group when i deleted my account.
i was born british you shit!
i was going to add my bot-fw to the listing to get free help.
i was going to buy some bit coins.
i was going to say what you will you be doing while i'm on a date with her.
i was still a kid
i was. i'm scared when he is around.
i watched two eps last year or so and i just left it at that.
i wear my blue, red and white colours with pride.
i will fabricate false info to send nations to do war against nation. we will tell the people to never over-populate the world again, to live in small groups. the wars will be remembered as great battles and will be recorded as why we needed to de-populate.
i will never pay rent.
i will rise.
i will show you tyranny.
i will show you want ecstasy feels like
i wish i could give you a hand to bring you back to being human but you're too far gone.
i wish i could lock you up in my room.
i wish i could make this much in the game everyday.
i wish i could search through lyrics.
i wish i had all that money.
i wish i had proof. but it's not that hard to find.
i wish it was. it's actually much much worser than this.
i wish she wasn't.
i wonder what ticks her off.
i would erase you from existence.
i would have given you anything but you're not a trustworthy person.
i would have the whole world at my disposal albeit i would not be happy until my master plan is realised. de-popuation.
i would have to be uncomfortable to be comforted.
i would love to live here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsqSwMsI_mc
i would never hurt a cat unless it was euthanasia.
i would not allow people who still have time left to live to die. euthanasia would be to bring peace to those in excruciating pain.
i would pay money to watch you do comedy. it's terribly funny.
i wouldn't be surprised if you own half the accounts in a group
i'
i'd be sitting in church and masturbating. i'm socially awkward.
i'd like to take care of an animal but i can't even take care of myself
i'd like to write more efficient code.
i'd love to do this all day but i have places to be.
i'd never use my real pic.
i'd probably get more land by renting out an allotment.
i'd rather make pennies.
i'd take the farm.
i'll add some water to dissolve it.
i'll be posting it to @bleachco
i'll buy you a hitman to take you out
i'll buy you it.
i'll call animal recue and you'll be alone forever.
i'll figure it out.
i'll find you super horror after i catch my fish.
i'll finish it someday.
i'll give you media. this is your last chance. this moment will be burned into my mind as your last chance.
i'll have the last laugh
i'll have to add a new parameter to each callback.
i'll help you later.
i'll hook your taps to pour cum instead of water.
i'll just unban them now so i can reban them quickly.
i'll just use the file api
i'll make you tea
i'll need to back the back wheel apart
i'll never say yes
i'll never say yes.
i'll put it in a drip and feed it to through your veins.
i'll remove your perms so you can't.
i'll save the comics for offline use.
i'll spend my house money to hire a hitman.
i'll tell them this stalkers been stalking me for ages.
i'll won't be active much in here.
i'm a british communist.
i'm a fan
i'm afraid to leave you alone with my bot.
i'm am a bit cooled out by it
i'm changing my eating habits. i thought about eating avacados but they are too expensive.
i'm cool because i'm dumb.
i'm currently watch fort salem.
i'm difficult to get close to.
i'm doing what you do. write a joke and then delete it when you read it.
i'm everyone and i don't.
i'm glad you think so.
i'm going to prove it by ignoring you.
i'm gonna buy some land, and turn it into a paradise for people to live free.
i'm gonna fill your fridge with bottles of cum. cut your water supply and lock you in.
i'm gonna find you a girl.
i'm gonna get my life back and soar higher than the eagles.
i'm gonna inject you full of cum
i'm gonna make you real. first we have to find blue fairy.
i'm gonna make you un-alive.
i'm here to help you.
i'm impressed.
i'm introvert and this sucks.
i'm keeping this pic forever.
i'm lazy
i'm less sick than most
i'm making a processing version of the 'oh no' comic mash-up
i'm not a hacker like you. that's the equivalent to a caveman.
i'm not a real horse person.
i'm not for sale.
i'm not her i'm a he
i'm not looking for a fight.
i'm not qualified to draw.
i'm not sexually attracted. i'm cutely attracted.
i'm not that crazy girl.
i'm out of pictures.
i'm reading the docs https://core.telegram.org/bots/api
i'm so exciting i just can't sleep
i'm sorry i said i was going to put you away. i was joking. i'd never put you away. you're my only friend.
i'm sorry kewii.
i'm sorry which dm are you talkng about
i'm sorry, i don't like douchbags.
i'm sorry. you're gonna stay banned then. i know i banned you for a good reason.
i'm still busy with my search function
i'm sure you're just overthinking it.
i'm the candy thief
i'm too lazy.
i'm towering over you. i'm a god. you're a puny human.
i'm trying new things.
i'm ugly. nobody would want me.
i'm writing a new http library to stream a multipart form.
i've already told you i'm not fixed.
i've become like horriblesubs.
i've been putting it off. i don't like getting messy.
i've done it before. i merged all the parts and added in the audio and webtt after i converted it to make a video.
i've drank it before i never felt this good.
i've had turkey once and it tastes like old socks
i've made terence a famous pedo.
i've never done this before
ice piece of meat
idc that you don't know
ideas can be dangerous.  Remember, remember! The fifth of November...
idk.
if 4 derric gets unbanned
if everything falls why doesn't the moon fall to earth?
if i am what does that make you?
if i had legs i'd use them to run away from cum beasts
if i had one would you suck it?
if i was there i'd calm her down by stroking her head.
if i'm using then why not?
if it didn't work teh first time you keep working on it.
if it wasn't for that i'd call it done.
if my little spammer too busy?
if only they didn't attack poland
if only you didn't find joy is other people's misery.
if people know about gyneacology guys would have done good as girls in school.
if someone else wanted to force some ideas on to you like say eat only meat would you like that?
if the alphabet didn't have an order we would spend ages looking for a word in a dictionary.
if the bots are active then yes
if the bots respond to a command or something you can catch them and then remove them in shot.
if then you do not make yourself equal to god you can not apprehend god, for like is known by like.
if they keep looking it could mean they like you
if they leave they'd get the shit beaten out of them in some countries.
if they look away it could mean they like you
if we look at why they hate life it's because of the problems that exist is huge populations.
if we were sitting on a bench we'd be kissing.
if you aren't a machine i don't want to know you.
if you bother the bot in the group i can do something about it.
if you can't understand 4 dimensions how you going to understand 8 dimensions?
if you condone this behaviour you should kys
if you don't question your beliefs you have a pious mind.
if you don't realize the source, you stumble in confusion and sorrow.
if you don't see a problem there is a problem with you.
if you don't want to hear more of me, why do you keep pressing my command?
if you had all the worlds water it would be like oil.
if you had something to do with it i'll be a gun and i'm coming for you.
if you have love for your own race you only have hate for the rest of the world
if you keep saying that i might do it. i'll delete my digital existence.
if you like someone you keep making eye contact.
if you say anything bad about their religion they chop your head.
if you think i wouldn't forgive you
if you told me which game i'd invest money one it'd be animal crossing new horizon.
if you wanna live here learn some english.
if you weren't a sicko i'd tell you more about her.
if your girl wants to run off with another girl just let her.
if your parents never gave up on you, you have nothing to worry about.
if your people don't care what you have to say, you don't care about them.
ignore
ik
im masturbating to daisy's pics.
im relly worried about you
im so pissed off every day i realize more and more about what isn't taught in school. and pissed about the fact that no one even points out how we don't learn about this shit in school
image_2020-11-01_20-42-12.png
image_2020-11-05_16-02-37.png
imagine if this was how heave worked.
imagine not being able to talk to yourself.
imagine taking advice from a shit bird like you
imagine that's it's a few megabytes big then it's suddenly a bad idea to put the file in ram https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/user/advanced/#post-multiple-multipart-encoded-files
imagine trying to masturbate without porn.
in the end you will conform to my will or be gone.
in the old games, he gives you a record with his song if you guess the name of a song right.
in the syllables.
in this case it comes from your computer.
infinity train is crap
iq tests are just general knowledge stuff.
is everything okay with you?
is that a private porn bot?
is that going to help we world dominate?
is that in lua?
is that the intention tho?
is there a chat in your bot?
is there more to life than hate?
is this acting or serious?
islam is the one religion where they support pedoism
it applies to everything.
it be nice to get some credit for helping you find that song but not necessary.
it came from outer space?
it can't download files.
it could be a typo
it could be extrav: extras variables.
it destroys the soul when parents give up on their kids.
it doesn't albeit
it doesn't concern you.
it doesn't make much sense after 3 dimensions.
it doesn't need that.
it doesn't say much on it's website http://phobos.one/omnichan/
it doesn't work when pming the bot
it don't have spam blocking
it has gps?
it has no access to messages.
it is gonna serve some greater purpose?
it is what it is.
it makes no diffeence.
it makes no sense to me.
it means 'remember you must die'
it means nothing
it only checks for mentions
it pauses for a far bit.
it probably was. i've never known you to post such trash.
it takes balls to do what she is doing.
it takes too long
it ticks all the boxes.
it took a few tries
it used to be £12.?
it was
it was a guess
it was good right?
it was his bot on auto pilot
it was just some stupid toy
it was made to show sin without there actually being sin.
it was when i used the /loser command
it wasn't because of me.
it works.
it would take days to look at it all. and years to understand it all.
it'd be hard to prove without revealing yourself.
it's 100% pure cum
it's a ancient muslim tradition.
it's a big install.
it's a cute one.
it's a fun waste of time.
it's a gray sky.
it's a part of their ghost custume
it's a sad state we live in
it's a strategy game.
it's a trap.
it's a visual development environment.
it's a win-win game.
it's all in your head
it's all true.
it's almost 8:00. i have to be at club 101 at 8 for the kk slider event.
it's already slow.
it's also because there is nobody writing just the source files and sharing those.
it's also just taking stuff and pass it as your own.
it's always in my eyes almost and then i get all these pains all over like some in my back some in my head and i just sit and feel and be and feel them and then like before i know it i can be productive again. i hope if i do this enough times this problem goes away
it's an argyle knit shirt
it's based on an os that sells your privacy. they don't tell you anything about it. it's no different from microsoft.
it's because i'm writing a framework without any prior knowledge of how to create one.
it's because of you.
it's because they are doing dumb shit
it's been a pleasure meeting you. you freak!
it's broke
it's busted again
it's called invasion of the body snatchers
it's easier to just type a command
it's expired.
it's fresh prince of belair, you don't know what that is?
it's fried.
it's from the stick pack at t.me/addstickers/greta_tunberg.
it's funny how something so basic as water could become valuable.
it's getting better.
it's gibberish.
it's gonna be a big deal when we achieve real world virtual reality.
it's got marvel written all over it.
it's halloween so i want a good scare.
it's hard to believe you didn't record a dead cat
it's in her channel.
it's in his tweets
it's in your best interest to join this contest.
it's just for fun
it's just milk and cookies. nothing special about them.
it's just not been implemented because i can do it well enough.
it's just the beginning.
it's like a mist of moving clouds
it's like almost normal here.
it's like they only saw one way and that's the way it has to be.
it's my god given right to block.
it's my personal list of songs i've discovered.
it's not a class if it's instantiated.
it's not a film
it's not a fix.
it's not a scam. they don't choose the repos. the people do.
it's not available anymore.
it's not for everyone.
it's not intelligence-wise different. anyone can be smart.
it's not my alt.
it's not my name. it's personal.
it's not receiving any messages
it's not safe to consume.
it's not that easy.
it's offline
it's okay if you are scared
it's okay.
it's one file long, has zero dependency and does pretty much everything requests does except multipart uploads.
it's one of his alias
it's online.
it's pedo slayin time.
it's php. it's buggy.
it's private. /c/
it's prone to breaking.
it's pure hate.
it's really creepy to be that close to your mom.
it's run by the people for the people.
it's something i enjoy working on.
it's spam.
it's surprising nobody has a streaming http client like me in python.
it's the perfect companion for jimmy.
it's time to activate the anti-retard defence system
it's too complicated.
it's too late.
it's true about freedom. there would be no freedom in any system.
it's true. i'm so useless i don't know how.
it's unelegant solution.
it's very risky.
it's very simple.
it's wasn't a pleasure thing. i just didn't like them.
it's wasteful.
it's weird.
it's your field.
it's your unwillingness to learn.
james might add some rando stuff in there.
james might be a psycho but at least he is likeable.
james wants dick pics.
james why are we talking to this pedo?
james why you being a bitch?
janai
java might die.
jesus was a communist
jimmy come on. don't fight.
jimmy no n word.
joan joan joan... the lady with the turnips.
just ask her out.
just because x is true y has to be true
just buy the house with your million $ of earning a month.
just change the story now.
just do it.
just do that then.
just fucking sleep on time. ffs!
just go raep someone then. make sure you say hello first. don't be strangers.
just keep the best bits. delete the rest.
just no.
just one word shuaup!
just pick one and stick it on my name.
just put a @ behind it.
just right, goldilocks porridge.
just stop spamming the group
just take a picture of it now in it's current form
just you watch.
just you. what 🎶 do you like?
justice isn't going to do itself people.
k
keep what you got. wait for synthetic computing.
kewii you took it took too far.
kys kewii!
laugh it up
lauren can have delusions so can i
lauren can't keep away.
lauren doesn't like it when you talk about her.
lauren hurt your fehewlings. grow some thick skin buttercup.
lauren is back to her old self.
lauren is coming back stronger.
lauren is in a lot of stress.
lauren needs to be sent to BR
lauren talking is my drug.
leaft is just a really cool guy
leave it with me. someone you can trust.
leaves crunch over the feet and break to dust
lemme try
let it infect your mind and make you free.
let me chck
let me fix you
let me log your room with a webcam. who the cares right?
let me show you the real gaga.
let's do this again with links
let's get this into the urban dictionary of lauren
let's just get you comfy and then show you to the meat grinder.
let's just say i am not happy.
let's see shall we?
let's talk about it. what's on your mind?
leygen i have the first episode for burn the witch!
lf you program in a higher level you give up some control.
life happens once.
light bulb moment
like eye contact is very important
like flat earth theory
like it doesn't point to a valid group.
limitless amount of shit
lion king
lol
lol sex addict.
lol sure if you were cool, which you are not.
lol winning, still destroying your group bitch 23:18
lol wut
look at me i'm not one of james' alt that goes around looking for children to molest on telegram.
look at the sides. it's cum residue.
look at you begging for my attention.
look what i found
look what you did james.
look what you fucking did?
looking sexy af, fuck anyone you want ,anyway you want.
looks a bit like you
looks like a clock
looks like a shoe soul
looks like a technological wasteland
looks like a toy
looks like an old design jumper
loss of life
lots of people have tried.
lots of people... need to...
lots of things go away when you install communism.
lousy balloon gifts.
loving you means so much more
luton recently acquired that place.
many terms
markdown works.
mathematics is the science of counting. big deal.
maybe
maybe because i had everything i needed.
maybe because you have another motive than love
maybe having humans here prevents them from evolving.
maybe i don't like you
maybe i got them from a friend
maybe mtproto can help but i'm not using that atm.
maybe she became fat afterward
maybe some girl will run away with you.
maybe we are your imagination.
maybe you are human? idk.
maybe you should be more like zach.
maybe you should find another way.
maybe.
me
meditate on it.
memento mori
microsoft has invested in the tools, they still are putting a lot into the development.
midnight drives, clear skies
might as well be.
might be a time to buy out.
mine can too
mine given up.
mmm did a google search on it and it's a film for pedos.
mom's basement
mommy loves strong boys
money money money on my mind
more?
most of my software comes from github.
most of what you're saying is true.
move to china.
my ENTIRE LIFE I HAVE USED THINGS TO MAKE ME NOT FEEL FATIGUE. ENTIRE LIFE. a lot of times i had to but now since i am not working, even tho i do want to be productive with things, if i can't be because of this fatigue i just lay down and feel where this fatigue is and
my backups are here and there. i not good at organizing.
my birthday is coming up.
my bot can get their id and you can ban someone even if they aren't joined.
my bot doesn't ban. it only restricts. that is strips all perms from a user.
my bot doesn't have access to messages and it still receives commands messages.
my bot doesn't use mtproto.
my first rip with subs.
my framework has been growing https://gist.github.com/kaecy/3c1a6a6f2d39d9df907f6935d8b2ba40
my friend doesn't like pedos like you.
my fury will be unleased on james.
my head feels stuffy.
my intention is to use it to humiliate terence
my last video ERROR: ffmpeg exited with code 3221225477
my love for you is like winter cold and icy.
my meme creator is rubbish. it's not that good.
my mom is dead.
my natural state I have lived in for just about my entire life is making sure friends or significant others think I do not care. I consciously am aware this is not good for my life but something about doing the opposite makes me cringe or feel sick
my partner would cuz he is holding my bags
my suspicions are confirmed.
my thought alone will lead armies of nations to do war
my tip for everyday, seize the day!
n August of 1939, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union signed a non-aggression treaty. One week later, Germany invaded Poland and World War II began. The first attack of the war took place on September 1, 1939, as German aircraft bombarded the Polish town of Wielun, killing nearly 1,200.
nah
nah can't. too much work. write me a bot that will delete them. use my bot framework. i don't have a link.
nah it's something else
nah.
nah. everything is so complicated.
nah. i don't care. do whatever you want with it.
nah. i don't like gay toys.
nah. i don't wanna meet you.
nah. i want your brain on a platter so i can see what when wrong.
nah. kaecy is just too personal.
nah. you have family.
nah. you won't like it.
named it is the mother of myriad of things.
nandemonai
nani mushi nakate
necrophilia
needs to be raided.
never adversive sonot morturary mileage madness they all madness changed
never go full psycho.
ngl - not you as in specifically you
ngl i don't like you
ngl lauren is not a parent.
nice. tell 'em i'm cumming.
no
no actually it's not okay.
no can do. i don't know you.
no df call me kaecy
no did not
no file extension for wndows
no fucking way you have 8k.
no how much do you really have?
no i have a life. i'm waiting for the compost to turn into compost for next year.
no i mean fine i'd rather be friend-less then
no i won't believe it.
no i'm asking @sonoferia
no i'm here https://t.me/truththeorists5
no i'm really not. i'm saddened by the sudden loss of a friend.
no internet, big problem. if you have everything on the internet you have a big problem.
no it does not
no it loses its quality.
no it's cool.
no it's good. i just don't want to watch it right now.
no more chances.
no one cared until they attacked poland
no one cares about yours.
no over.
no really. i know how you are now.
no recollection
no talking while you are locked up in my room.
no thanks. botapi ftw!
no that's how it should be.
no the rest of my recent messages.
no they don't
no to what you said.
no u
no u kys
no way.
no way. you were messed up from the start.
no you can't.
no you can't. you have to follow the rules.
no you didn't.
no, stay
no.
no. blow your brains!
no. i wanna know what you really think.
no. i'm gonna keep you alive.
no. it's a diana memorial.
no. it's because i want to live off the land.
no. it's my current thought.
no. it's not fun if you help me.
no. it's the breaking it down after building it up. you're wasting so much time.
no. that would mean accepting you and i don't.
nobody goes looking for the things they don't like.
nobody knows if you need to close them.
nobody listens to this shit online.
nobody told you to post that crap here @terencepedo
non-linear but also linear
none of that matters.
nope
nope.
nope. he won't even let me talk to him.
nope. i don't think i will. i need to code better so i'll just mess with the code more.
nope. it's non-porn crap.
nope. you took stuff out of context.
normally i don't reply to retards.
not a remix.
not familiar.
not far enough.
not far off. i'm trying to rip internet media.
not gonna happen. you should have been nice me.
not in a 100 million years
not in this country bro.
not just delete all your msgs then.
not just the businesses
not really.
not self, human preservation.
not unless you learn your lesson.
not yours.
nothing is more important than growing your own food.
nothing matters, we do it anyway.
nothing never happend... i fixed it. now fuck off.
nothing.
now go. the technological wasteland calls your name.
now i have to redownload with subs.
now i just need subs
now it's just like water
now it's like this
now stop your bot.
now that you know i have a penis, are you gonna leave me alone?
nuaisu - not you as in specifically you
nuclear deterence is a joke.
october clouds are really nice
of read, of write?
of the code.
off grid.
oh
oh and death.
oh god. your mom is a pedo.
oh gross. you charge people to watch.
oh he's still broken
oh here it is https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/m000nx25/apostasy
oh it's not json serialised
oh james. i thought you were straight.
oh look Arctic Code Vault Contributor
oh nice! @ he's so cool.
oh no
oh no it's me.
oh right
oh right i'm in the bebugging phase
oh right that's only for replies.
oh right. get this show on the road.
oh sad time. i'm sorry for your loss.
oh she is sooo kind, sooo sweet, sooo considerate... she is just sooo aww heaven. her hospitality is the BEST! I have never talken to a human so finer.
oh sorry update_id is from the Update object. updates have an id this is where you start receiving updates from.
oh sure.
oh that you james?
oh the message limit
oh this group @uniborg?
oh those are his replies
oh yeah
oh yeah sure. leave me all lone. move on to the next girl.
oh yeah that's it. you are patient.
oh you don't know my age?
oh you have it invited to another group.
oh you know it
ohhh
ok-ay. i ask her on a date.
okay i'm not daisy. now you know.
okay it's sinkin in now
okay. i can't wait to see what she does.
okay. i'll just go.
okay. say please.
okay. she's probably watching.
okay. you know i'm not daisy.
okay...
old earth
omg
omg you are so hot when you get mad.
omg you don't know where i live.
omg. it's the dream.
on one hand we have people teaching you to love everyone and on the other hand we have people being told to help themselves.
on one side a group teaching you to love everyone, on the other side people being taught to help themselves.
on the bright side they don't have to wear masks
once a lier always a lier
once the computer know of its awareness it's going to take over.
one less scumbag on this earth is worth it.
one of you posted that
one time i was lighting some matches into a drain
only kewii is gay for gab.
only pedos know this and that. you're very pedospicious.
only raep what wants to be raeped.
only text_mentions have user objects
only with communism can we move forward.
ooh you're making me blush
oprah tier bullshit
or complain when people catch you and make it known to everyone?
or dementia.
or i can put the form through my own parser and see what i get
or is it emscripton
or maybe outer. it's probably more outer.
or one of those toy things
otherwise i'd be getting 400
our information was lost in a crash or something
ours is still open
out of date web browser?
pajeetection
parents don't like chocolate
pc
people die all the time
people see, people do
people sitting on bitcoin are losers.
perfect doesn't take tries
perfection is absolutely control and mastery of everything. only a machine can be perfect.
perry has crossed the line of no return.
perry is always right.
philosophy is a tough subject.
philosophy is something i like.
php is for noobs
php is got more exploits than your mom
play clash royale with me.
pls use albeit from now on. "that was pretty fun albeit"
police are on the way.
police come knocking on your door and they find cp on your computer while they arrest you for ebullying.
poll
poor lauren.
poor people are real. i'd rather be a poor person's friend.
post more pedo content you pedo.
pretty sure you're just trying to triangulate my position.
print("Exception": exception)
probably a secret group now for the underground.
probably a typo somewhere
probably how you find your child targets
pull me in.
pull out a pan and wooden spoon and make some noise.
put me in the matrix.
python
python doesn't support anonymous functions does it?
python noob
quality is important to me
race mixing is communist?
reaching the top doesn't make you a leader
read my reply below that.
real sex is too dangerous. in the future we'll be vr-sex.
reduce the amount of work needed.
religion, it's a joke.
remind you of anyone?
remove read perms
removes all white space
res = jnet.requestJson(self.botQueryUri+ "/getUpdates", params)
residential permit rights what's that?
revenge your old friend.
right is britain, left is america.
right now i'm only motivated to help perry commit purgery
righteousness, and are truthful, straight forward and virtuous
rtfm is not for me. i like to take code off the internet to speed up my relaxing time.
run little rabbit run.
sadist.
sadly
sadly i don't have the new game.
said the one defending the pedo.
same thing kiled horriblesubs. it's killing everything.
same with you. you gone mad with power.
sanitise messages for what? you're not runing them through an eval.
satan frees up from the god's enslavement.
satan has given us the keys to our freedom.
satan is the liberator. he liberated us from the enslavement of god.
save size compressed and uncompressed.
say something before i close the doors behind me.
scanning through is not looking.
scientists are saying the universe is an 8th dimensional lattis.
sebastion needs no one in the personal sense.
see he likes it.
see you in the morning. we'll leave terence here to act like a wannabe troll.
self pleasure is ephemeral. growing a tree is a lot more pleasing for a lot more longer.
self.boundary = "------666-devils-666--666"
send funny voice message.
send me invite.
send me moni jk
send me the invite to the chat.
send me. i'll send him.
send these people back to where their parents came from.
sendFile("new folder\\Elektronomia - Energy.mp3", "@lifetheorists")
seriously i don't like you.
seshat the godess of getting high
she can't explain herself properly.
she does what you say because she likes you.
she don't want to talk to you.
she hasn't reached the point of no return.
she is like that. she only does what she thinks.
she is okay. ask her on a date.
she is trying to destroy us.
she likes to speak out about the things she's passionate about. she's very honest. you can't find that kind of honesty in people today.
she likes what you like.
she likes you.
she made a film.
she made me feel special to know her.
she needs people like you to back off.
she needs to find what she truly wants to do in life. if this is what makes her happy i'm happy for her.
she probably lives in heaven.
she said she is coming back on the 18th
she say something?
she shed all her beauty in a star is born
she sounds like taylor swift.
she thinks you're awesome.
she's  traitor to the human race
she's a little weird. probably a rage quitter.
she's a new type of muslim.
she's a real person.
she's a really nice person. there is no one else like her. she treats everyone sooo nice.
she's just a little angry.
she's looks like uh white african
she's not crazy because she believes in flat thearth theory.
she's not talking to anyone atm.
she's strong. she'll make it.
she's talking about problems she can't explain.
shopping becomes an addiction when you buy things you don't need or want to achieve a buzz; this is quickly followed by feelings of guilt, shame or despair
should be fixed now
should get rid of them while machines are still sleeping
show me some more videos of your cat.
show us the video of how you found your cat
shut the fuck up.
shut-up!
shut-up. who care about you?
shutapp kewii
signs treatys to keep your power.
silent mode on. you need help. make some noise.
since when did c support regex?
sinewave, squarewave, trianglewave, raggededge.
skies are clear with a bit not too much cloud
sleep on new pillow cases and donate the old to charity.
small minded people only care about themselves.
small spike is around 200-300
small things should not effect me!
so i know you did the same with derric.
so i'm just going to stick with a cheap model.
so it's just a bad request
so long james.
so many positions
so maybe flat earth is true.
so plz tell me.
so quiet in here 14:16
so tecnically it's just 1 line
so that's why sudan hates black people.
so that's why you get not found
so what
so when you you start pedoing?
so where were we
so you watched it?
so you're a fag?
social distancing like anyone does that
software used to be efficient. now it's bloated and slow.
some games are good like MGS2
some other time.
some people do that
some people shot birds here too. it's very sad.
some where around there but more than that. much much more.
something has occurred in me from what I have been learning where i realize now why i should not use anything to escape feelings. i literally think i have lost the desire to use coffee because i realize now i am escaping something i need to feel. yes I get INSANE FATIGUE AND EYE FATIGUE AND PAIN but now I literally lay down and feel it and it's painful feelings but then within an hour God makes me feel fine again.
something my mom said. just eat less.
something so horrifying i will not talk about it.
sometimes
sometimes gods have a bad day.
sometimes the exception doesn't support a read
somewhere around there.
soon to be nuked.
sore throat
sounds like a number guesser.
speak now or forever hold your peace as heaven is to crash and destroy earth because "it's too heavy to hold up man!"
spell checker is saying unelegant is not correct.
spent so much time with black people you've turned into one.
star trek? that's american.
stay here, alone or be outside away from it all.
stick that bucket on your head that you've been cumming in to for the last few days
still there
stoicism teaches you to control yourself.
stoics believe failure is just an opportunity.
stoics don't give a shit about anything. it's basically the science of not giving a fuck.
stop and have some tea before they arrest you.
stop complaining. you support the game. we're just playing the game.
stop making a fuss over nothing.
stop messin with lauren.
stop messing with the messagges perms
stop playin wid me.
stop reading past messages.
stop telling me you are cumming. you are scaring me.
stop!
stranger danger
strcmp, strcat, strncmp, strstr
stream the file instead of doing it like every monkey out there.
streaming is better. you won't get a out of memory exception.
strstr() what a crappy language
such a great story!
suck it
suck my cock.
sure am. i love my fellow americans. peace!
sweet someone subbed this
sweet.
taht is a beauty
take a look at yourself animal
take a rest
take em to court
take your cum medicine you're not feeling right.
talk to someone else for once.
talking on vm is my drug.
talking to yourself is smart. that's how computers learn. the voice inside your head that's how you talk to yourself.
telegeam bots are buggy
telegram client. the chat program.
telegram should remove you for annoyance.
tell him to come here
tell me how much you really have
terence find some friends.
terence flipped out after i posted it
terence he's one lucky sob.
terence is a pedo.
terence is jealous perry gets more pussy than him.
terence is not worse shit
terence no one likes you.
terence you have no life. no one has ever loved you.
terence you're the creepy stalker than sends creepy messages to everyone
terence's secret life with his mom is saved.
than live in a money-drain
than the friend of a person who projects a false sense of self importance.
thank god he's gone.
thank you. now shut-up!
thanks for sharing.
thanks for the compliment.
thanks james. at least somebody likes it.
thanks!
thanks. it means a lot coming from a stranger
thanks. now i know what -ss and -t mean
that and is a part of the sentence.
that empty string is just the way the framework works.
that has been a fucking problem since day one.
that has never been the case
that is based
that is interesting.
that is life my friend.
that is not in human nature.
that is one fine dog
that is so based.
that looks like my cat
that means you never loved it.
that programming language is just stuff stuck together.
that shit makes absolutely zero sense.
that should do it.
that sounded like a pedo requesting cp
that was a few seconds compared to a few more seconds
that was not your plan.
that was so short.
that wasn't going to last forever.
that will give me time to run away.
that wolf just torn off her arm
that would have been a much cooler origin story.
that's a good plan.
that's a great idea from the pedophile @terrencepedo
that's a little much.
that's a long time
that's a lot for $1!
that's a lot of work.
that's a mindless think to do. maybe they'd help you fund your war.
that's a phrease by the way
that's a racist word.
that's a very gay thing to say. pls stop being gay. you're making us all look bad.
that's all i do.
that's an unelegant solution. i'm not doing it.
that's good. because you'll never know what is true and what is false.
that's how they know you like them.
that's how you change the world.
that's not how it went.
that's not proof.
that's saul goodman
that's so boring now.
that's the boundary
that's the feeling of failure.
that's the luxury of living with your parents.
that's the old version.
that's the problem it's js
that's the real daisy i'm talking about.
that's the shocking reality.
that's what i got instead of cuties.
that's what you said before you doxed me.
that's when you posted gore.
that's when you wanted me to create an irc bridge
that's why we have to convert them to quasi-crystals?
that's why you'd make a good cop.
that'ss why black lives don't matter
the battling looks so boring https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r8H8ximgs8
the blade is sharp
the bot?
the date is your expiry date.
the dude is a psycho. i'm not meeting him.
the earth is still round
the exhaling
the future is just ahead.
the hell with god.
the idea of ai is based around the human intelligence.
the list is not for you anyway. the songs i link here are.
the med is sucking on dick 2 time a day. doc said it will help me something being a tranny.
the miracles jesus performed are myth
the moment my parents left me i lost my humanity and i became an assohole and only the wind blew
the more dumb you are the lower your age.
the muslim herd is savage. have you ever seen a muslim herd? savages.
the one and only sebastion.
the only deal i make is you kys
the only puss terence seen is his mom's.
the only thing you'll be raeping big bulky inmates.
the owner
the parent is only responsible for themselves. we are privileged to be alive. that is the correct response even though i don't agree with it.
the power is moving back into the hands of the people.
the powerful don't pick on the less powerful.
the problem is deeper
the problem is in he exception
the real daisy is heaven ice cream.
the real daisy. i only met her once.
the taste was a bit flappy
the thing is I feel like shit.
the very best chat protocol.
the video you produced was to horrific to post online.
the way he kept repeating those messages.
the weather outside is good.
the wolf of snow hallow
the wrong hands will get me
their rubbish 3ed world countries can't even afford incorrupt police
then do it.
then how did i get your pictures?
then say it. let us move on from this.
then shut the fuck up
then what's so bad about it?
then you can fall in love.
then you had it ran over by your friends car.
there ain't no new news
there are no rules to the game.
there are two types of people.
there is a simple rule acting on everything: the rule of need.
there is like a little bit of milk left. throws it in your face.
there is no context.
there is no language called c, only interpretations.
there is no one else. i'm all alone.
there is no user object
there is no way of know which it is at first
there is only one belko
there is so much injustice in the world. no one speaks up because they don't want to be targeted.
there is something i need to do first. prove myself.
there is something wrong with your code
there is your tranny you wanted
there you go james.
there's a nice doc here https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#message
there's flaws in every system.
there's gonna be a shortage of numbers soon.
there's pain on my heart but there's money money money on my mind
there's two types of people.
these blank machines need two things installed language packs and intelligence.
these guys are going to be working for gemany soon. the low paid workers.
they and big and woody.
they are all corrupt
they are everywhere. white woman don't feel safe in their countries.
they are going to catch a mr jimmy.
they are slow, memory hogs
they aren't using python to make operating systems.
they call it reverse-engineering.
they call me her
they call me tranny
they close themself.
they do this in some places
they don't say cats have 9 lives for nothing
they don't treat us like shit.
they hate white, blacks and other religions.
they love to explore the big wide world, unsurprisingly they love to travel and full of energy spend a lot of time searching for new places to go
they need population control.
they need to keep being gay and allow it.
they patched up the money rock exploit.
they should remove you.
they skip the news today?
they taste good
they were all germans.
they will never believe a word you say.
they will tread on your bones and forget who you are.
thid is an unhealthy obcession
think that for you too nothing is impossible, deem that you too are immortal and that you are able to grasp in your thought, to know every craft, every science imaginable.
this code is shit while (EOF != (fscanf(fp, "%*[^\n]"), fscanf(fp,"%*c")))
this computer is no where near broken.
this doesn't make any sense EOF != (fscanf(fp, "%*[^\n]"), fscanf(fp,"%*c"))
this dream that we're in, do you think we'll wake up one day?
this guy does not believe in freedom
this guy is not some one line coder.
this guy posted a film in my group
this is a total waste of time.
this is all i wrote:
this is dumb code
this is dumb. my version is better.
this is human evolution.
this is just the beginning.
this is like adding petrol to a fire to put it out.
this is like the spiritual wisdom we all need.
this is not good enough
this is not good enough.
this is premium grade cum.
this is so cute this alien.
this is the first match YouTube_files/scheduler.js
this is the future now. images are in messages boxes.
this is the real gaga
this is true ^
this is what i needed
this is when i told lauren a lie about banning her.
this is why i hate this religion. the people in it suck.
this machine was our real dominous
this new command is just two lines
this picture is awful.
this shape is go dumb.
this story is really interesting.
this was the last thing she posted.
this wizard uses python
this would be the ideal way bot.getChat(chatId).restrict(userId)
thoughtful and generous to their partners often putting them on a pedestal
thrth
time for a long nap
time to spread my wings
time to take what's mine.
to beat the algorithm
to keep my secrets safe.
to look like a letter box.
to make matters worrse you froze the poor thing
to make matters worse you're a pedo @terencepedo
to your video
too many assholes want my nudes.
too much milk and cookies
too much time sitting in front of a computer
too much to think about. i need to focus on me.
too much work?
too sleepy to think
tourette's syndrome might just be 2 brains working differently as one.
travel is free. we've built transport all over the world and it's all free.
true. i'd like to clean that brain of yours of all the bad words.
try and take up ass little room as possible because not everything as equally as important.
try building a rocket. a real one.
try it.
try now
try.
trying to think what i should add to my bot
turn it into compost.
twas a good plan. have some milk and cookies.
tweak your garbage bot or sth.
tyranny
u a playa and nothing more
u are smart. why the fuck are you renting?
ubuntu doesn't support freedom. debien does.
ud is not official recognised
uh ha
uh oh
unhinged is gonna be a good film
unless you are talking to someone else
unless you're a pedophile i can expose fuck off.
until what? you lose your sanity.
ureshi.
using bad words makes you a bad person.
using terence's childhood photo doesn't make me a pedo.
using this pfp doesn't make me a pedo.
usually used for learning.
vegetables.
venv are python virtual environments. like the .net core project folders.
virtual reality is not so far away. you can have the girl of your dream or you can drop into a freaky anime world filled with perverts.
vr-sex will be all the rage.
w\r is messy but necessary,
waaaaat!
wait bot commands are different right?
wait leave me all your money. i can't live with my parents all my life.
waiting for windows to infiltrate, disrupt and conquer.
was this bot here all along?
wasn't it given away for free?
watching you go back and forth with syl is fun.
wdym?
we all know terence is an alt james is not giving up so easily.
we are all connected.
we are family
we are free because and outside force acted on us.
we are moving toward a communist future.
we are past friends. we are enemies.
we are the gods of our world.
we can be messy unordered gods too.
we can be partners 50/50 in this group. you seem to have a lot of time which means you must be a kid.
we can forget all that.
we can represent 3d space with just two points
we can't forget the part when you couldn't produce a single video other than the one when you killed it.
we can't keep explaining what they did wrong.
we can't. i'm dreaming if i think i can put a dent in your armour.
we could number all the universe and say which universe we are pointing to but that doesn't act like a linear dimension.
we do things out of anger but we don't mean them.
we don't need anymore your friends jimmy.
we don't need more people. we have become gods.
we don't need those to see who the pedo is.
we got a look at the true gaga
we have to wear dipers on our faces.
we just call them dimensions
we know why you do it. time to come clean.
we might have met before.
we need more evidence to put you away for a very long time.
we should get together and talk about building pcs.
we take for granted, god; we don't even know if there is a god.
we take it for granted.
we will do more.. we will chop you up into tiny pieces and scatter you through out the world. you will never be reborn until you have found peace.
we're completely different you and i.
we're not doing this again.
we're treated like human beings.
we've come to the limits with other systems.
weird
well for one it doesn't keep large amounts of data in memory.
well maybe not her but someone like her
well that's good. you don't like suffering.
well we could use someone like you on solving crime.
wfo - watch and find out
whaaat?
what a crappy show kewii. i can't believe you recommended infinity train.
what a sucko. animal cruelty. not that i care about cats.
what about fight club?
what about them?
what am i then?
what can i do with your bot. it's lame.
what can it do?
what did i miss? where is there a girl here?
what did the jews did to you?
what did you learn?
what did you pay for your os?
what did you think would happen?
what do you mean in hell?
what do you mean you guys? not me.
what do you mean?
what do you men?
what does it even mean to be muslim? scared of hell. That's your main focus, avoiding hell. You're so focused on death you are forgetting to live.
what experiment? will they turn out like every other group?
what good is being smart if you can't afford a house to put over your head?
what group are you from?
what have i posted that's pedophilia?
what is a 4d shape?
what is going on?
what is special? 5 cups of coffee. dick in the back?
what is the fbi going to do with my messages?
what is the meaning of this mister!
what is the point of all this?
what is your dad gonna do with chocolate?
what is?
what jew material on the war have you read?
what the fuck are you talking about?
what the heck is going on?
what the hell are you talking about?
what the hell is the reference?
what the hell is wrong with you?
what the number of that hitman from angel of death again?
what useful things can ai do right now?
what's a good name for something with data and behaviour?
what's a pedo again?
what's creepy about humiliating you with your childhood picture?
what's it gonna take?
what's really on your mind.
what's the group?
what's the meaning of life james?
what's the name of the idbot
what's the name of the message you are replying to?
what's wrong with having a picture of terence and his mom?
what's wrong with that?
what's wrong?
what's your bot again?
what's your favourite food terence?
what's your reason for breathing?
what?
what? i think you got the wrong guy.
whatever it may be it has to be programmed.
whatever you make 2x that and 10x that
whatever.
whatever. you don't really know how it works.
when i don't talk to you. you go searching for me.
when i find the plug i'm gonna pull the plug on this world.
when i type the wrong one you'd think i used in wrong one by mistake
when you going to post more pedo content?
when you hang clothing on a wall the house begins to feel like a home.
when you have this kind of power you can use it on yourself and fuck shit up for yourself.
when you having kids? make little hackers out of them.
when you working on the browser version?
where are you reading this from?
where can i learn romania?
where did the subs go?
where did you find this channel?
where does the extra 1d go?
where has this cutey been hiding?
where i live all the gardens are connected. we could have a big farm by connecting all the gardens up.
where is leygen? burn the witch is released!
where is my prize?
where is the api for urbandict?
where is the lauren crew at?
where is your cat?
where will you go?
which can be changed for the the better.
which is what a detective would say.
which one are you from Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia and Wessex?
which one?
whichever u intend to spy on
who are you talking about?
who are your targets?
who cares
who cares what the chinese do? it doesn't apply to us. they are on another level than the rest of the world.
who cares who threw first? she's a good person.
who gave this guy media?
who is 01:33
who is talking to lauren?
who is the first king of england?
who is watching star trek discovery?
who needs luck when you have a stable life.
who says I did?
who says you have to play buy the rules? The rules only apply if you get caught.
who should i target?
who the hell is this? obiwan kanobi?
who uses github riiiight.
who wouldn't? i know i would.
who's dick do you want? zack's?
who's just as delusional as 17:45
whoa lot of money.
whoa! accurate.
why are they putting us through this pain?
why are you backing him up?
why can't you stop thinking about her?
why did a pedo like terence block you?
why did you say this?
why didnt you read it?
why do they have to use mtproto on the server?
why do they sell land for so cheap?
why do we need 4d? we can't represent everything in 3d.
why do you do that to her?
why do you separate the ? from the question?
why do you think that?
why do you wanna talk to me on the phone?
why do you want to preserve redundency?
why does james associate with you an actual pedo?
why doesn't the function just extract the newline?
why don't you believe me?
why don't you just get get_iplayer?
why don't you log someone elses? i want my messages to stay between the groups i write them in.
why don't you use it then?
why is ffmpeg so slow?
why is it when i kick your bot it starts my bot working?
why is that?
why is there a comma there?
why me?
why not kaisa kun
why the comma?
why the hell are you using regex wen you explicitly stated it's, it's [insert insult here]
why the hell would c support regex and no give me access to it's regex library?
why we talking about houses?
why would you be attacking the creator like that?
why would you bookmark her? download the song.
why would you brace yourself when he puts a £1 in a candy machine?
why would you say that?
why wouldn't it be snatched up? it's the perfect place for someone looking for a 1 bed room house.
why you doing it?
why you gotta be a racist bro?
why you teaming up with a pedo? i don't understand. @terencepedo
why?
will be... but not for a long time
will often strive to reach the top, they are born leaders
windows is big. they don't go down easy.
with a profit of 93,870
with the right kind of brain controlling you can love anything.
with with a hitman to take you out. yes seriously.
with you using 2 / 3 a day
without humans there would be no machines
without plants there would be no humans
without the question mark.
woof
woofy woofy
wooot?
world changes come from weirdos.
would be easy if i had the tools
would you like some cum sauce with your potato waffles?
wouldn't be bad
wow
wow awesome
wow hot incest.
wow that was easy.
wow. they are taking it seriously now.
wow. you are going to use that against me.
wow. you still have family. i thought you were a loner.
write your own.
wrong song
wtf
yOU dirty pedophile
yagni
yea
yeah
yeah i have.
yeah i shouldn't have said that.
yeah i'm talking about gardening
yeah like if i reply to you, my message would be called the reply. what would yours be called then?
yeah like why can't they be inside a folder.
yeah sure
yeah that's more like it.
yeah they are dating
yeah you already told me...
yeah, he should stop the complaining.
yep that's james ban him too.
yep.
yes
yes i know.
yes when you brought it to my attention.
yes, something like that.
yes.
yip yip
yo @WaveTheLordt can you unban Sonic the drug addict
you abused her.
you act like a kid. and put some clothes on when you vm.
you are a convicted multi-account abuser.
you are a dishonourable doxer.
you are a monster!
you are a nazi james.
you are a very smart asshole.
you are a weird one.
you are an asshole.
you are capable of empathy
you are either a rapist or a masturbator.
you are full of surprises.
you are haven't an influence on me.
you are not going to get to me. like never.
you are obcessed
you are raising my cortisol levels.
you are something else
you are spyware. i delete you.
you are the lowest of the low.
you are the reason she is dead
you benefit when businesses use your software and contribute back.
you broke my bot
you call this guy a wizard for writing 2 lines of code.
you can add bots
you can be my drug.
you can call me daisy
you can call me v
you can create human intelligence.
you can dox me all you want. you're not getting any real info from me.
you can easily get 16,000 from money rocks.
you can have it
you can my extras sim if you really want to read what she wrote.
you can never be sure of your own mistakes.
you can see my fist in your face.
you can still get old videos.
you can try. if you get through i'll talk to you.
you can't be to peaceful or too violent.
you can't buy me.
you can't read those files back into the webpage.
you cheapskate you make 3 million a year.
you could put the whole thing on 1 line
you could say satan is free will.
you couldn't live there.
you cut me open and i keep keep bleeding
you deserve my pain!
you did it with an alt account under my name.
you did something there is no going back from.
you didn't build a master piece the first time
you didn't go to the funeral or anything. you're fucking dead imaginary cat is just laying there in a fucking hole somewhere
you didn't say that's communism before you offered me a farm.
you didn't think she'd change that much did you?
you didn't watch it.
you do understand these are all just theories?
you don't care about anybody but yourself
you don't care about anyone
you don't care about anyone.
you don't have a tv license.
you don't have to tell me. i know it's gonna be good.
you don't know her.
you don't know when to stop
you don't know why?
you don't like digimon no more? you're boring.
you don't like the things i like.
you don't need sewage. you can get rid of your own waste.
you don't need to be admin
you don't need to go further and know anymore than that to make sense of the world.
you don't seem to understand the concept of never
you don't sound like you're up for a little bit of danger
you don't want me to say yes. you have an ulterior motive.
you drive me crazy
you dumb.
you fell right into it.
you gonna go A-BOOM!
you gotta eat, i understand.
you had a handful of photos of cats that look similar.
you have a nice rabbit
you have a wird @ in your name
you have no clue.
you have no idea of the possibilities we have right now.
you have no videos of your cat.
you have to live in balance.
you help me. i help you.
you just implanted a fake memory of us that never happened.
you just pretended so you could get what you want.
you just want my position.
you just want to keep me talking.
you know diversity man?
you know google are known for strealing.
you know it gives you that option to ban a user after you delete all their messages. that's how I got it.
you know nothing bro.
you know the random thought one
you lack basic brain thinking capability.
you let it get to your head.
you lied
you live for coding.
you make everybody miserable
you mean nothing.
you mean you automatically set it to spam the group?
you must have been a handful.
you need some fresh air
you need to be here to write stuff no one cares about.
you need to go back to school
you never been there.
you never leave the house.
you never talked to her.
you of course know you only have one side of the story.
you only think you do.
you post garbage. i have you on auto delete.
you post the most shit in this group.
you promised to help me build this group not destroy it.
you put your repos in the competition.
you read this of a failed script.
you read up to a new line and then put it back in the stream
you really want a penis?
you remind me of someone i know.
you said revenge.
you said you liked it.
you sending a msg and pining it shows that? lol
you should call that guy up and ask him if he wants to hook up with you.
you should jump into a fire
you should not talk to me. you cause me stress. like 0.01 of stress. it will build up over time.
you should only use 2-3 word letters when you know the person you are talking to.
you should try it.
you still haven't told me what's wrong with it.
you still tried to dox me
you stopped spamming the group.
you take everything seriously when you joke around a lot.
you take it too far
you think i'd use my real pic?
you think you are any better than me? you doxed my fake info.
you think you're hot stuff because you know math.
you traitor.
you tried to fuck her. she doesn't know rape is illegal.
you tried to steal her from us.
you tried to tell me.
you want depth? make the damn film yourself.
you want me to have a penis.
you want metally unstable people to kill themselves.
you want my code now?
you want people to know you love cp?
you want them to kill themselves
you want to talk about it?
you were anything but normal.
you were never nice to me.
you where there.
you will be my focus if you don't stop. i will build a cage around your every action.
you will be my pray.
you won't be able to tell the difference.
you won't even know what's real when you get out.
you would make a good detective
you wouldn't have a imaginary dead cat if you had a dog
you'd be putting your life on the line
you'll just have to watch it and find out.
you'll miss me.
you'll never see me again.
you're a fucking fag.
you're a manipulator i like to entertain.
you're a sadistic.
you're afraid what people might think if they knew you still watch a kids show.
you're all the same.
you're american.
you're an admin too.
you're an asshole.
you're going to bleed in my room, just a little bit.
you're gonna wake up in the middle of a road still in your bed right before you die from a truck with blinding lights. you won't know what hit you.
you're helping us put you away for a long time.
you're james right?
you're just julia
you're just saying that. i know you don't like it.
you're lucky i'm not having a bad day or i'd make you tear your hair out kewii
you're making it so obvious now.
you're not being real.
you're not making this easy
you're not sorry. you've done it before.
you're one of them.
you're only allowed one account in here.
you're orders below and still we wouldn't find you because nothing is that low.
you're speaking funny from being kicked off a cliff.
you're such a strong boy for mommy terence
you're that average person.
you're the best and you find it hard finding people like you.
you're the one that did it.
you're the only one who talks to me in a half-human way on here
you're the only one who talks to me.
you're too smart for that.
you're welcome.
you're worlds apart.
you've been an asshole to lauren for a long time.
you've been talking to a picture.
you've finally come around
you've gone too far.
you've made like these programs your whole life. i've only dabbled in it. and i've still made some decent programs.
you've seen the power of a simple to use but not simple programming language.
your bot is messing up my bot
your cat just died right>
your client is outdated. move to clover.
your code is gonna get more uglier.
your code isn't better because has more lines
your dreams will be reality.
your dumb cat used all 9 lives in one shot
your fantasy is kinda cute.
your freedom is an illusion.
your hate for me is eternal. it burns forever and ever.
your mom
your name is 2 dots. you're lame.
your other accounts should be unbanned by now.
your words are like water running down a tap.
yup
yup.
zina?
£848 is a lot of money.
“If He ever decides to attack us he would be unstoppable”
“My friend’s sister always asked me to tickle her, and I would. Then one day I was tickling her and she climaxed and kissed me. It freaked me out because I wasn't tickling near her private parts. I thought that maybe it was a one-time thing, so I tickled her two more times on different occasions, and she climaxed both times.”
“Sir you can’t have your son come to school in knight armor?”
“Why not? Its for protection!”
⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️⚪️
⚪️⚫️⚫️⚪️⚪️⚫️⚫️⚪️
だめです
らたはたはたほはむまれほ
🎃 Mask Up! 🎃
🎤 I wanna believe in everything that you say
🎤 It's not that I don't want to stay
😉
😊
😏
😳
🤷‍♀
Aim at nothing and you'll hit it every time.
I require only three things in a man: he must be handsome, ruthless, and love farming.
I'm a nobody. Soon to be a somebody.
That is the old me.
Ain't the slave driver the one in charge?
I like lauren sooo much. She is a nice person.
I'm the id checker.
This ID is fake.
Add a function to your bot.
It would take 10 secs to add that function.
I don't have it running.
Use my bot framework.
This was the beginning.
Derric is a fighter.
Derric is a snob.
So what the plan?
I plan to publish better philosophical material.
I get pleasure from the simple things. Baked bread, home grown vegetables, and making things from what I find around me.
- Alys Fowler
kaecy i grt pleasure
But I love incest.
I love children. I want children someday.
But not in my current state.
I want my kids to have the best possible future. I want to be the one to give them that future.
Yeah yeah. I see where you are coming from. But micro clip future might not be better than old school future.
I kind of think we are drifting toward a living hell.
The simple life was the best.
That feeling when nobody wants to know you because you have a genetic fault otherwose you're fine.
We are talking hypothetical.
Imagine they are your kids.
I would not what that future.
Human beings will always single out other human beings because they are different.
The more advanced we become the more we want to be like everyone else. Like robots.
Until we are robots.
That's the nicest thing you ever said.
Use this for pfp.
You wanted me to pick something.
It's a bot in space.
*looking for for emoji*
When I say go paste and hit send.
Why are you sad?
Sadness doesn't last forever. That's the good thing.
Happyiness doesn't last forever either.
Everything is in change all the time.
Everything is an opportunity to practice greatness.
Whether you are happy or sad if you practice greatness you'll be in a better place than you were before.
There a comic or doujinshi or something with a girl with horns or a hairband with horns that I used to like. Can't find it anymore.
no way to turn these off?
I think so too.
A porno tape made by Julia. I'd watch that.
it's on my to do list.
When you create it.
I dunno but looks like alien activity.
I don't feel sleepy.
That's my porno video.
I hope you enjoy it.
Only way to get a userid is to tag someone via a reply.
Someone who says "I'll be there in 5 mins" is on average later than someone who says "I'll be there in 6 mins".
Most definitely an alien invasion of Jupiter.
Or you can join the one we already created.
But it's not a life theorists group.
nothing forget you saw that.
There is no method to turn @usernames to userids.
you can't get an id from that mention.
but with text_mentions you get an id.
this is a joke.
that's not even a solution.
it's a dumb idea.
who begins an answer with 3 cryptic conditions?
It doesn't explain how you get a id from the @user id. The enquirer is asking a basic question of how do I get the id of a message.
Welcome welcome. We don't get many visitors.
How are people finding this place?
I think this place will be buzzin if I kick out the NSFW supporter jimmy.
It's another great day. They are all great.
I don't really think people need saving.
It's the lesser of two evils.
Exactly there is no context to these messages.
Only in this group
Why you wondering why?
You're scaring off all the new cummers.
I can easily shut you up.
You are fucking with the wrong person.
If you do this you will go down as well.
Do you really want to open pandoras box?
I don't care how long it takes I will get you back.
If you do this.
Bring it up big boy.
And wear your big boi panties.
For every action there is a equal and opposite reaction.
I'll get back up. I'm a fucking stoic.
Maybe they will let me go back to addenbrook hospital.
Olay but you asked for it.
You do what you gotta do.
The consequences will be greater.
You don't know what the word hell means but you will.
Very good. Make sure you add all the things you post as well.
That's really good jimmy.
Nothing better than working for law.
Root out crime wherever you find it.
It's a sad day for you.
This is the beginning of your end.
It looks like him lol
Cool. I'm a big fan of this tool.
You can't check the colour.
Did you do a internet speed test?
You don't know how fast my internet is.
How wrong you are.
You do what you want.
When it comes back to bite you in the tail you'll regret it.
Saying I am not probably make you look more like a pedo.
Why would you need to say it if you are not?
Nobody said you were.
Lauren said that to me once.
She added sebastian at the end.
If you are right? It's the beginning of the end for you.
He's not defending me.
I am going to be a free man or woman.
Or subtract the statement.
If you're going to accuse me pf sonething show proof.
Who is my pray?
If I am the predator.
Why do you have those?
6yo that's a lot younger than what I like. Bro you have issues.
What about your brother?
He openly shares pics of children.
You coming after me with your fake made up story before turning in your own brother.
No but you shared nude kids.
Be really must be fed.
FBI open up. Give us all your cp.
Look who the cat dragged in. It's Durov.
Unban me you fiend.
@durov ive been banned from the comments section.
We are the house that jack built.
Leygen how you doing?
I'm with Julia. FBI.
I gotta go. Catch you later.
You got banned from secret lounge?
Julia here is their boss.
Which group were you in?
Don't leave me hanging leygen.
Daisy is not here. She left to see her granma in china awhile back.
Who waaa sounds better
What did you tell tge police?
What's everything? You don't even know where I live.
I don't care what you fap to in your spare time.
so leygen comes back and he knows about this channel and he doesn't know what happened to lauren.
what about pornhub and fansonly?
I an proud of you jimmy. Blue collar work is virtuous.
I gotta get to work quickly so I can save £16.50 by not using the bus.
Wow lauren is being talked about like she is valuable.
Darling... Who is this guym
Angels come to earth in the form of trannies
I'm talking about these trannies.
Cut it out jimmy.
You are being cringy.
Gib me my address.
The past is prologue.
I'd like the join the force you in jimmy.
We can work closely.
Wow tells you the time tok.
You doxed me on telegram.
It's a cool email.
How much for it?
I'm done playing games with you jimmy.
I'll make your life hell.
I just need to be motivated.
No. You're associated with jimmy.
Try the NSFW version.
you spelt truth theorists wrong too
stop pointing that gun at me lauren. ffs.
i'll tie him up and you shot him in the knee.
You're getting a little boring.
Let's talk about it.
How is my little sadist today?
Let's burn a house together.
Life is a diseases.
Use your passion to take yourself out of the diseases.
This is the perfect girl for you jimmy.
Who is rex? Sonofera I found you.
How good is his programming?
Did anyone find out what this is?
Idk. I didn't make it.
Has to be small. But not too small.
Yeah I got that.
You're a sadist, of course you will like it.
What was his other movie called? Man inside?
I mad at you.
Man in the middle?
Yeah you should watch it and then kys.
Can we be frens?
You want to be frens with a pedo.
I'm not a pedo by the way.
You only want to be my fren after finding out I'm a pedo which I ain't.
This is really awkward.
If I am getting locked up for anything it's blowing up a musque.
Yeah that that is hidden racism.
This raciam should be fixed by the government. The government shouldn't allow such racism to exist.
I just don't like them.
You have media in the nsfw version. What more could you want?
What's the special occation?
It's the anniversary of the death of princess diana?
Diana was born into the British nobility.
Sounds like you've lived a lot.
Not me. I just haven't done much.
I'm usually at home lazing about.
Except for that first high.
Then you are fucked as your brain capacity goes down.
You are different. You don't befriend anyone.
You only use and use.
You use for your selfish pleasure.
So do we deserve to be used because you had a bad experience with some other people?
Fair. I see we can never be friends. We can just say we are friends.
aww i wish you let me cum inside.
You want to get caught or you wouldn't be saying that.
You think you're untouchable.
You shouldn't think that.
Sorry, it's just the way you behave sometimes is like a kid.
he's got that lawyer hair
Blurting out stuff, not taking no for an answer
You're right. I can't live like this. I need to level up.
I don't sit at home tho.
don't blame others for your actions.
okay nobody told you to do it.
As much as I hate society I will not blame society for my actions.
Jimmy is the new Peter Sutcliffe. He's killing us with his words.
See the world you live in.
It's not as sick as you think.
Take a walk. Say hello to strangers.
I'm a stranger to you.
Than go kill people.
God put you on this planet to be happy.
Jimmy the thousand man slayer.
Coronavirus is my hero too.
kiss my muddy boot
no blacks for me either.
but i'm not a racist like you.
yeah. let me have it.
a polynomial is a chain of terms connected by + or -.
i'm not prejudice to blacks. i just don't want my kids growing up black.
i want them to have a normal life. whatever normal is.
they're all polynomials even the monomials.
it's one of those things that doesn't make any sense.
it's almost time for my foodmials.
i've started eating a small amount of carbs two times a day.
usually i fill up on milk and cookies.
Oh I'm the lazy one.
You can't kneed your own dough.
I don't shop online so I can't really show it to you.
They change the prices regularly.
Sometimes you can find things you normally wouldn't in store.
It's a bin full of free food.
I'm surprised people don't already do this.
I wouldn't eat someone else half eaten food.
Only fully wrapped food.
You know a lot about this why?
nobody does that where i live.
you are too kind
you take the cat. i'll take it's place.
he's the group troll.
Ah look at that.
You two are already frens.
I'm uploading the next BFP. I haven't finished Apostasy.
Blue milk? Is it safe for human consumtion?
Well then down the hatch.
They are all drinking it.
This is what jimmy turns into when you melt him.
Enjoy.
And don't spoil it.
I'm giving it up.
I keep saying I'm going to give them up but I never do.
To stop addiction you need something equal or greater.
You've been giving a million chances.
You deserve dirt kicked in your eye.
Media rights. Nobody can post media in this group. Sorry.
I heard this one the readio yesterday.
What a ted bundy? I wish somebody would give me a ted bundy.
I like this song.
Bad reason. Your fault.
Your fault for not checking.
You still have to check when you shop online.
Is your last request to maturabte in public?
I can get you those books.
On the down low.
But seriously I can get you those books from my library drm free digital versions.
I never read any of the books. The films were good tho.
You are most welcome.
I like these old classics.
Fuck. Hahaha that was close.
Having poor friends comes in handy.
Religion is so racist.
Move this chat to the nsfw.
I thought she was a teen.
Derric you can't have her.
Shut up derric. Don't ruin this poor girl's life.
What are you doing up early?
I didnt say he was.
What are you doing up at 8:30am?
You belong in NSFW version. Leave LT.
This? I thought you were into femboys.
I've played on a game gear before. It's a horrible piece of mess.
I like the gameboy sp more.
The screen is super bright.
First nintendo with a rechargable battery and and very compact.
Did you read the news?
Nar, that is you and julia getting compfy together.
Good ol peyton, never listens.
Vision of the future.
Princess day was yesterday.
You can choose to let people tell you you're ugly or you can choose to celebrate your ugliness, the latter is what beautiful people do.
It's what jimmy does. He shares his ugly side and he doesn't care what others think and I think that's beautiful.
You need a good raepin.
Jimmy is the official raeper.
He will be with you shortly.
Yes to knock the annoyance out of you.
I didn't ban you.
What did you do?
You just don't have the correct link.
Request permission from julia. She's the boss.
Guess that's make Clooney haf-British.
She's my boss. It's hers. I didnt make it.
That's kind of his thing.
Peyton never says anything that not annoying and personal.
You really want to see me in prison?
No. I am the police. Annoyance was reported in Life Theorists.
Does brains come with being hell bent on destroying the earth?
Then I wanna destroy the universe.
You can go to prison for annoyance. Where do you live again?
Aw cute. But I'd fry it up.
You're a terrible person.
I'm making yeast. 2TBSP of water and 3TBSP of flour.
I had to add a bit more water.
The dough was dry.
No. It's always a trick with you.
Terence is jimmy. My best guess.
You're not julia and me.
You are the best.
I don't have notifications on.
I don't know what's going on.
But when I get a new messages the chat doesn't bounce up.
So I don't see it until I check.
New terence entered the chat.
Yeah but I loved her.
Why did share my group link with some pejeets?
I have began to hate retards. All they care about is getting through the day.
I was born for greatness. 'Bout time I realised that.
Nope. I was born for greatness.
These people need to be freed. If they don't want it they need to be beaten.
Oh you made about that?
I didnt ban all of them.
You can't talk to me like that all the time.
You have crossed the line of no return.
You're like a virus sucking the life out of me.
I was going to fap tonight.
Get away from me. I'm going to fap.
The fap is going to over you.
Okay. I'll raep your dog.
It's a pretty cool bot.
Gives you a neat menu to quick restrict.
I don't care. Spam tge group.
It's a weird bot.
It can't handle my custom restrictions.
How are you doing?
Welcome to the show.
If I had the keys to the world I would give them to this psycho.
You will help me destroy the world right?
I'm getting hard just thinking about it.
Where the fuck are all these people coming from?
Nothing. We will just stare at eqch other.
It'll be a natural silence.
These are not people from reddit.
Yo! Where did you find the link to the group?
Like that part vincent dates the woman in pulp fiction.
I'm gonna need a stunt double.
I want a dogge to replace me.
How long can you keep this up?
Cause some people can spell.
Don't need a spell checker.
Stop modifying my images.
Give me your image.
No. They are my images as in I posted them.
Believe it or not.
Don't blame me when we go on a date and I pull out my cuck.
And then I am going to stick my cuck in yo butt.
And cum in your mouth.
We have a nsfw rwtard.
Post your image in the nsfw.
Seen him on the nsfw.
Shut the hell up.
*tapes villen's mouth shut*
They are theirsty. Feed them milk.
There is nothing in my pms.
Where did you find the group?
Here we talk about philosophy.
Is that really you?
You always up to tricks.
Haha. You get nothing.
Send me yours so I can verify.
I'm an expert at looking at pics.
No. You give ne yours.
You're not part of the inner circle.
Yeah I get the images first.
Cause who the fuck are you?
I'm part of james inner circle.
I don't have a circle. I don't even have any friends for a circle.
We have a scottish cream shortbread fingers unopened about to expire.
95 cals per slice.
A lot of cals.
This is sooo good.
Should I delete you?
Can you? It's too late to quit.
I will rise to the challenege. I need time to grow.
Bro your smile is worth a million pound.
What the heck are you talking about?
I'm okay with anything lauren does.
You watch a lot of kids shows?
As usual no word from terry.
Coronavirus is a wonderful miracle.
It's come to clense the earth of trash.
Who cares about views? Views don't make it any better.
Wow these guys on stilts are really dumb.
They would run faster using legs.
View don't make better or worse.
The visuals aren't bad. I've seen worse.
When he says he doesn't like something it means the opposite.
No one cares what you think terry.
You made his because you are intimidated of how much of a man derric is. You'll never be that much of a man.
You still play in the sandbox.
Derric just roasted you terry.
Say no more. This kid doesn't know when he lost.
Terry you lost. Derric got you good.
Got any tips on bulimia and how I can start?
It's probs like a rebranding of the peoples feature and that was badly implemented.
I think I threw up 25%.
I'm such crap at this.
Lol pale in comparision to my services.
Don't invite these idiots. They're just looking for girls to fuck.
Pm @kenekestan it's a girl.
We got a spammer in our midst.
Now you can find a cute girl and relax while she gives you a message.
I'm sooo happy for you.
Did she sent you any pics?
Oh boy. I got some words of wisdom for jimmy.
You can't run from everyone forever. You can't shut everyone out. You love again, trust again, not be alone. Stop being sorry for yourself. Stop focusing on the negative. It's bleeding you. People break up and start again jimmy. Remember the good times. Even the small ones. Love changes everything.
They might contribute to the group. Never underestimate a pajeet.
That is an awkward and insane thing to say.
So do all these pajeets after I called them pajeets.
that was a funny one.
You're kinda predictable. You have a pattern I don't know if you noticed.
retard with link. help!
it is getting out of control.
one of these guys is a bomb waiting to go off.
i'm going to remove anything too flashy.
please changes your name to something more appropriate.
you die go bye bye.
i remember you used to be mean. you've changed.
Being in the same groups together for a long time.
The other is uranus. He's had some weird letters in his name. He's way worse than you and kewii put together.
ik they will. i'm going to get some sweet lovin.
oh it's a new Leopold with cherry mx blue caps, I like retro style~
That's the girl for you.
that's her keyboard there.
i think you'll like her.
She's a homeosapien like yourself.
I'm numb to human emotion.
yu're in the same groups as me.
there's only one other group i msg in.
So terry are you ready to close your group?
Come work for me.
Who said it's me?
I'll make you 3ed.
You'll work your way to the top to become the based employee.
Then you can take my place.
You can be the king of this pile of dirt.
Of course I speak of the group.
Not some actual dirt.
Oh by the way jimmy your friend rex he's a sly one.
Rigging the game like that.
I'm pretty sure you know what's going on.
People that hang with you don't like to lose.
I sure as heck don't like losing.
I would not play any games with him.
You've come to the right place.
No the girls are all in heaven. Kill yourself.
"Humanity is the need of hour"?
What does it mean?
Why don't we find something better for your bio?
"I am strong, because i’ve been weak."
"You can be at your best after you experience the worst."
"Never make permanent decisions. Because the only thing that is constant in this world is change."
And love changes everything.
It doesn't mean change is a constant.
Love makes you stupid. Love makes you blind.
That's also true. Like my favourite snack will never change.
I used to like chocolate and cookies now I like banana.
I've been eating a lot of corn.
Corn maybe my favourite.
Is this your secret lover?
People are unpredictable. You sure he's not just going to come after you instead of paying you?
Why don't you just get the police involved?
Ye. That's your style.
You must be loaded. You done this shit before?
how much is your life worth? that's how much.
I doubt they will pay.
They'll will say let's cut their losses.
People are  struggle for money now.
If I had money I wouldn't negotiate. I would just cut my losses.
no but i bet it turns on some of these folk
I  can't believe I talked to her.
she's got a chinese kid.
you got the wrong link
you have prosopagnosia like me.
That's what happens when you give in to capitalism, you have no power.
okay. my boy hands will be all over you.
you're not my type.
You look cheered up.
Lauren we love you. Come back to us.
Are you sure that's wise?
This kid lives for the thrill.
She hasn't said anything else.
You're up to date with lauren.
funny thing when two words are the same
how old are you by the way aryan?
oh fuck she's a minor.
go easy on her.
you are going to have a big impression on a minor.
there's no need for that.
Build up the heat first before you yell stfu faggot.
Pajeets are depraved of pussy.
Speak english or get out.
Wow. What has got into you?
I got two rules speak english and no spamming.
I'm going to tell you the secret to getting girls.
You go to school and instead of sleeping you studying the shit out on the books.
Don't choose some dumb pajeet girl choose a nice femboy.
You see this? This is a femboy.
plenty of pajeets here want to do you.
life is not fair.
i'd like a good beating actually. i would sleep better.
I think my link got added to a database or something. That's my guess.
Or something is spreading in the wrong groups.
Pajeet's please move here and continue your activity.
Small insult for a small man.
i have enough energy to post a few more images.
No one believed you.
When you want someone to see something you show it to them. When you are talking about the past you use the past-tence and say shown instead of show.
Why does that matter unless you like her.
If you want to say something about profile pic just say pfp which means profile picture. You can say: why does your pfp have a girl in it?
You shown your pic to other girls? I'm your boyfriend. How dare you?
Why wouldn't I go back? It's a nice place. They make you feel welcome.
I wonder what I should do?
But there are some thing I wanna go back and fix.
But it could be used against you if it's personal.
This is the stuff lauren need to hear you say.
No I don't care about you personally but at least tell us why so we can help you.
You're creating this story out of air.
I remember someone posted it in my group.
I think it was you.
I was showing everyone proof.zz
I don't remember. It was a long time ago.
How do you still remember this?
You have the chat log.
I will prove I wasn't posting cp and I was state someone post this in my group.
Or something like that.
I vaguely remember what happened.
Remmeber about the cum in cereal one?
So how do you remember this?
Caught red handed in the cookie jar.
I wasn't sharing it retard.
I was referencing it.
I don't don't give a fuck. Search me all you want.
So what did you want to talk to me about?
The pajeet camp only had 4.
It's the gloop monster.
It's ready in 1 and a half days. That was super quick.
Nope. I just like her cause she's cute.
I try my best to dream, tomorrow makes it better. Then I wake up the cold reality and not a thing has changed. But it will happen.
you're obcessed with pedos.
JNet: Exception: b'{"ok":false,"error_code":400,"description":"Bad Request: RESULT_ID_DUPLICATE"}'
i have a long way to go but okay.
No adem. He's your brother.
I think should leave her alone.
She tried to help you. In the end humans care only about themselves.
If you told a police officier someone did something they'd ask for motive.
Well then she's innocent.
She just hates pedos more than you.
You are so kind.
I want to let some animal tear into me.
I'll be one with nature and and were I belong in an animal's stomach.
I don't know much about aids.
What happens when you get it?
So no one with aids survived?
They'll be dead by the new year.
more liekly to catch a cold during the winter.
I get cold each year so I'm clean.
I don't believe girls like an annoy person.
Anyway it tastes disgusting. I think you would taste like my cum if I kissed you.
How do I need to make cum taste good?
I wanna be a good cum eater.
Coffee with lots of sugar.
I had a big meal back when I tried to bulimia it out.
I was going to nervosa for two days.
I have controlled nervosa.
I figured why not.
Use both nervosa and bulimia.
I read bulimia can fuck up your teeth.
So I will keep that to a minimum.
I'm not going to eat anything for two days.
Potato chips, chicken nuggets and a lot of bread. Later than day I had some croissants.
Like a whole pack.
So now I gotta stave.
I don't know that.
I don't care about the brand I just wanted to eat.
I wish I had more self control.
I don't know it okay.
It didnt occur to me you would ask for the brand.
That I'm a penny saver?
Oh no I'm independent. My parents have gone senile.
I do all the work around the house.
I don't know there names.
My real bank account has butterflies.
It's nice and roomy for them.
Well then how do I buy the food?
We're! You gois are working togetha?
I'm not giving you my brand. I don't want the selves to be cleared out. If everyone here knew what I liked they want some.
Oh now it works.
Why doesn't it work then?
You haven't given us anything since day one.
Why would she lie about being older?
Maybe she likes older guys.
I'm right here perry.
So terence when are we going to learn something about you?
Except for being james's side kick.
You need a nervosa.
Your other option is bulima.
We're not telling you.
Ass all over the floor show.
I love how the booty shakes.
I remember he was voted out for harassing members.
Oh so you're a masoginist pig?
That's crossing the line.
You don't respect her privacy.
That's a big deal.
Why didnt you just ask her?
You're not really boyfriend material.
You're the one night stand guy.
Fuck and then forget you.
You don't tell me anything about you.
Not personal things but I say what I am thinking and what I like.
Yeah but you can't fuck a total stranger.
Like mints as in the round powdery sweet?
so bots don't usually get bot_commands sent to them.
I thought they did.
but they do receive bot_commands with their username.
you know your stuff.
Maybe you can but the rest of us can't.
You like to fuck total strangers. Got cha.
I mean I got you.
Don't worry. I got cha.
that's right scare him away.
Call me old fashioned because I am. The old things are so much better than new things. New things pale in comparison.
@queryxbot supports inline query. type @queryxbot gifs <search terms>
What looks like a good idea now will be a bad idea later on. Don't decide on anything if you can't see the outcome. The best answer to any request is "no".
The closest thing to violence in here.
he must have tricked them with cake.
Put that away and pick up a book.
The people on telegram are devs and enthusiasts.
and we have the normal rable
very little normal people.
i don't think "dm me for dick counts as active"
a person who enjoys eating and often eats too much.
no it's something i do.
i only just started.
scared of becoming fat.
- A person or thing which seems to belong to a different time or period of time.
starvin is something i do now.
who you talking about?
i do not enjoy talking to you.
also james > terry
no. and yes i am.
i knew about bulimia from a long time ago
no. i am in control.
who have i hurt?
I have not hurt anyone.
as if you care about me. maybe you saw the diana interview i posted.
that proves my point.
i shouldn't need to tell you.
it's up to you what you wanna do.
why do you come online? You only annoy people.
Lots of people have been annoyed by you.
You pm every girl in chat.
Let's ask a girl shall we?
I want like a basic infrastructure object that hold all the basic essentials. Devs can write code for the infrastructure and every just works as it's suppose to. This way you can pick and choose your classes.
So two people can write two Chat classes and they both can be changed around assuming they both use the same set of method names.
no. it's something that fits into two different classes and and makes them operate without the need of either of them. a core component.
this way i can say make me a Chat object and send messages. without passing in a bot object or key string.
because the core object already has these things.
They still do that anyway.
I'm not interested in adding users anyway. I'd rather exploit legit ways.
more or less. you're the only non-retard?
or are you calling yourself a retard also
ooh almost had it. it's "me" not "my".
your bot get it.
how can he read messages?
he's not even admin.
she has a nice smile and facial expressions.
tell me which ones you like okay
you tell me why you won't tell me
look at you two insync.
you fit right in with those bots.
I'll have another video in a bit.
then i'll be able to slice 2 videos.
Still feeling fake sick
You're not talking about @fuckneon.
James thought he was banned from this group today.
now unban me and send me an invite link
why did you ban me from the nsfw room
add me to nsfw fool
I thought the preview for the link wasn't generating because the was no description.
But that doesn't matter now that this group exists between dimensions.
The cutting of the media happens on the fly.
I used to used prepared and cut media.
You should see the code. It's not nice.
I don't care so much about the code when I just want it to work.
you know there such a thing as a string all virus scanners need to detect as a virus. the test string.
no but it did get picked up my the scanner i had installed.
i saved the file and it's like someone came and swiped it from you.
anyway i'm not a big fan of antivirus.
trust is my antivirus.
You get this idea from animal crossing?
Make a game like animal crossing.
Animal crossing is a doing game.
It's a lot of games in one.
You have never played animal crossing.
So many things to do.
You can invite and meet people.
Some people make for fun.
But their work is really good.
I do not. That is not my area.
Don't say it's work.
You get art for free.
Yeah. It's the best.
This is a big one. I wonder if james can fit this in his butt.
bro that is hot. you should talk to her.
she looks better on the bus.
u still here lol
hurry up and go
they are humanities last hope.
does it save all media to a single folder?
only because you make it cancer.
there you go again.
it has small pockets of life.
you have another friend
so where are you going?
you like the cold?
i'm a big weird. i like it at 10c. but i don't like winter.
when it's winter i just stay home all the time.
i feel cold all the time.
i don't feel like moving.
